if you do so , you authorize us to access and use certain facebook account information , including but not limited to your public facebook profile and information about facebook friends you share in common with other tinder users . 
we will not take payment for product purchases until order acceptance -lrb- see below -rrb- . 
14.2 you acknowledge that airbnb has no obligation to monitor the access to or use of the airbnb platform by any member or to review , disable access to , or edit any member content , but has the right to do so to -lrb- i -rrb- operate , secure and improve the airbnb platform -lrb- including without limitation for fraud prevention , risk assessment , investigation and customer support purposes -rrb- ; -lrb- ii -rrb- ensure members ' compliance with these terms ; -lrb- iii -rrb- comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court , law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body ; -lrb- iv -rrb- respond to member content that it determines is harmful or objectionable ; or -lrb- v -rrb- as otherwise set forth in these terms . 
this refund policy does not affect any of your statutory rights to pursue a claim . 
this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier . 
welcome to deliveroo.co.uk website and our applications -lrb- each our `` service '' -rrb- . 
we welcome and encourage you to provide feedback , comments and suggestions for improvements to the site or services -lrb- `` feedback '' -rrb- . 
if you live in the european union , you have certain rights to withdraw from online purchases . 
if you pay for an evernote subscription , you will be asked to agree to the commercial terms . 
by using the service in any manner , you agree to the above arbitration agreement . 
the skyscanner services and skyscanner platforms are provided by skyscanner limited , a private limited company incorporated and registered in england & wales with company number 04217916 . 
you may not assign the agreements or any part of them , nor transfer or sub-license your rights under the agreements , to any third party . 
-lrb- ii -rrb- re-selling subscription minutes ; 
the amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims governed by the agreement to arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you and ebay . 
you agree that all of yahoo 's trademarks , trade names , service marks and other yahoo logos and brand features , and product and service names are trademarks and the property of yahoo holdings , inc. -lrb- the `` yahoo marks '' -rrb- . 
upon receipt of a notice of dispute , you and we shall attempt to resolve the dispute through informal negotiation within sixty -lrb- 60 -rrb- days from the date the notice of dispute is sent . 
truecaller offers certain features or services for which a fee will be payable -lrb- `` paid services '' -rrb- . 
by downloading any software related to the service , you represent and warrant that you are not located in , under the control of , or a national or resident of , any such country or on any such list . 
redwood city , california 94063 usa 
you may terminate your account at any time and for any reason by following the process described on our support page located at https://support.supercell.com/ informing supercell that you wish to terminate your account . 
once you 've purchased content , we encourage you to download , install and/or access it promptly . 
you are not permitted to and agree not to post any user content to the service that is or could be interpreted to be -lrb- i -rrb- abusive , bullying , defamatory , harassing , harmful , hateful , inaccurate , infringing , libelous , objectionable , obscene , offensive , pornographic , shocking , threatening , unlawful , violent , or vulgar , -lrb- ii -rrb- promoting any product , good or service , or bigotry , discrimination , hatred , intolerance , racism , or inciting violence -lrb- including suicide -rrb- , or -lrb- iii -rrb- with respect to sr samples -lrb- and , for the avoidance of doubt , the musical works embodied therein -rrb- , making a political message for or against any person , party , political belief or issue , of a religious nature , or harshly critical of any sr samples , the copyright owner -lrb- s -rrb- thereof , or any author , contributor or royalty participant of an sr sample , in each of clauses -lrb- i -rrb- , -lrb- ii -rrb- and -lrb- iii -rrb- of this section , as the company may determine in its sole and absolute discretion -lrb- collectively , `` objectionable content '' -rrb- . 
if any controversy , allegation or claim arises out of or relates to the service , the website -lrb- s -rrb- , the content , your user content , your unsolicited ideas and materials , this agreement , your decision to enter into this agreement , any additional terms or any other aspect of your relationship with linden lab -lrb- collectively , `` dispute '' -rrb- , then you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the dispute , along with a proposed resolution of it . 
for example , do n't interfere with our services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide . 
the dispute will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties . 
for masquerade users located in the united states or canada , masquerade and you each agree to waive the right to a trial by judge or jury for all disputes , except for the excluded disputes . 
the arbitration will not require any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by the parties ; and 
you may not give your rights or your obligations under these terms , feature terms , community rules , or our privacy policy without first getting zynga 's written consent , and any attempt to do so without our consent is void . 
currency quotes may not be updated on a daily basis . 
irrespective of the country from which you access or use the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms , to the extent permitted by law these terms and your use of the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms shall be governed in accordance with the laws of england and wales and you are deemed to have submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of england and wales to resolve any disputes which may arise hereunder . 
click here to view the notice and takedown procedure . 
the foregoing license is referred to as the `` snapshot and machinima content license . '' 
5.6 some terms of this agreement will survive and continue after termination . 
advocate , promote or assist any unlawful act such as -lrb- by way of example only -rrb- copyright infringement or computer misuse . 
please review the twitter rules , which are part of the user agreement and outline what is prohibited on the services . 
a -rrb- you are solely responsible for the user content that you upload and you represent and agree that you will not share anything which you do not have the permission or right to share and which you can not grant the licence referred to in paragraph -lrb- b -rrb- below in respect of ; 
the service , including all images , audio files and other content therein , and any other information , property and rights granted or provided to you by duolingo are provided to you on an `` as is '' basis . 
is this the only contract i have with evernote ? 
the software and documentation are `` commercial computer software '' and `` commercial computer software documentation , '' respectively , as such terms are used in united states federal acquisition regulations paragraph 12.212 . 
from time to time , we may restrict access to some parts our site or our service , or our entire site or service to users who have registered with us . 
logging in or directly integrating these social networking services into the services may make your online and mobile experiences richer and more personalized . 
post any virus , worm , spyware , or any other computer code , file , or program that may or is intended to disable , overburden , impair , damage , or hijack the operation of any hardware , software , or telecommunications equipment , or any other aspect of the service or communications equipment and computers connected to the service ; 
once a guest requests a booking of your listing , you may not request that the guest pays a higher price than in the booking request . 
we may modify this agreement from time to time . 
you can deactivate your instagram account by logging into the service and completing the form available here : https://instagram.com/accounts/remove/request/ . 
the entity you are contracting with is ebay inc. , 2025 hamilton ave. , san jose , ca 95125 if you reside in the united states . 
any court with jurisdiction over the parties may enforce the arbitrator 's award . 
-lrb- b -rrb- rent , lease , lend , sell , redistribute or sublicense the service ; 
copy , modify , transmit , create any derivative works from , make use of , or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material , images , trademarks , trade names , service marks , or other intellectual property , content or proprietary information accessible through the service without tinder 's prior written consent . 
microsoft will automatically check for and download updates to your applications , even if you 're not signed into the relevant store . 
we make no warranties or representations , express or implied , about user material , including as to its legality or accuracy . 
except as otherwise set forth in these terms , these terms shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the netherlands , excluding its rules on conflicts of laws . 
we do not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas or feedback previously known to us , developed by fitbit , or obtained from sources other than you . 
prices , crossed-out rates and best price guarantee 
in the event that you are eligible for a refund , and you pay a fee to utilize your account for a fixed period of time -lrb- `` fixed fees '' -rrb- , blizzard entertainment shall provide you with a `` pro rata '' refund in the same currency as the currency of payment equal to the fixed fees for the most recent billing period , less the daily charge for the service multiplied by the number of days that the service was available in that billing period . 
you are not granted any right to use truecaller 's name , trademarks or other commercial symbols . 
: if you violate these terms , we may stop providing services to you or we may close your microsoft account or skype account . 
the instagram parties do not represent or warrant that the service will be error-free or uninterrupted ; that defects will be corrected ; or that the service or the server that makes the service available is free from any harmful components , including , without limitation , viruses . 
with respect to content other than photos , graphics , audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the yahoo services other than yahoo groups , the perpetual , irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use , distribute , reproduce , modify , adapt , publish , translate , publicly perform and publicly display such content -lrb- in whole or in part -rrb- and to incorporate such content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed . 
if you do not terminate your agreement before the date the revised terms become effective , your continued access to or use of the airbnb platform will constitute acceptance of the revised terms . 
snap group limited grants you a personal , worldwide , royalty-free , non-assignable , nonexclusive , revocable , and non-sublicensable license to access and use the services . 
if you do not object to the amended terms of use within one -lrb- 1 -rrb- month following the special notice , your continued use of world of warcraft will mean that you accept the amended terms of use . 
you will be charged the applicable fees and taxes during the subscription period unless you cancel the paid service , in which case you agree to still pay these fees through the end of the applicable subscription period . 
if you have a subpoena to serve on amazon , please note that amazon does not accept service via e-mail or fax and will not respond to the subpoena . 
• is offensive , abusive , defamatory , pornographic , threatening , or obscene ; 
certain states and/or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental , consequential or certain other types of damages , so the exclusions set forth above may not apply to you . 
for issues relating to certain naturalmotion games , you may find resolution by clicking on the `` support '' link on that game 's page on naturalmotion 's website . 
use , reproduction , modification , distribution or storage of any content for other than personal , non-commercial use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from vivino , or from the copyright holder identified in such content 's copyright notice , as applicable . 
limitation on claims : regardless of any statute or law to the contrary , any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to your use of the fitbit products or fitbit service must be filed within one -lrb- 1 -rrb- year after such claim or cause of action arose , or else that claim or cause of action will be barred forever . 
use a service for tasks that it is not intended for ; 
all disputes arising out of , relating to , or in connection with these terms or your use of the products that can not be resolved informally or in small claims court will be resolved through binding arbitration on an individual basis , except that you and headspace are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights , trademarks , trade names , logos , trade secrets , or patents . 
this agreement only gives you some rights to use the application . 
activity materials will not include translation materials . 
on zynga.com , the payment page will let you know what you can use to pay when you make your purchase . 
solely in respect of users located in the eea and/or australia , the following governing law provisions shall apply : these terms of use and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by , and construed in accordance with , the laws of england . 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein , you acknowledge and agree that you shall have no ownership or other property interest in the account , and you further acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to the account are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of supercell . 
be aware that headspace has no control over user material once it leaves the products , and it is possible that others may duplicate material found on the products , including , but not limited to , on other sites on the internet . 
no advice or information , whether oral or written , obtained from academia.edu or through the site , services or collective content , will create any warranty not expressly made herein . 
15 % luxembourg vat generally applies if you are located in the eu and the products are purchased and used in the eu . 
immediate , temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use our service ; 
as a result , and also as a result of yahoo 's network architecture and business practices and the nature of electronic communications , even communications that seem to be intrastate in nature can result in the transmission of interstate communications regardless of where you are physically located at the time of transmission . 
we do our best to keep facebook safe , but we can not guarantee it . 
if you have not paid zynga or any zynga affiliate any amount in the one hundred and eighty days -lrb- 180 -rrb- days immediately preceding the date on which you first assert any such claim , your sole and exclusive remedy for any dispute with zynga and/or any zynga affiliate is to stop using the service and to cancel your account . 
you must be aged 13 or over to use the services . 
this terms of use agreement -lrb- the `` agreement '' -rrb- governs your use of or access to our mobile application and our website , available at : sync.me -lrb- collectively , the `` service '' -rrb- . 
crowdtangle may , in its sole discretion , update or otherwise change the terms of service from time to time . 
-lrb- ii -rrb- post or transmit unsolicited or unauthorized advertising , or promotional materials , that are in the nature of `` junk mail , '' `` spam , '' `` chain letters , '' `` pyramid schemes , '' or any other form of solicitation that linden lab considers to be of such nature ; 
we 're not liable for various things that could go wrong as a result of your use of the services . 
notice and procedure for making claims of copyright or intellectual property infringement 
your use of the service and the purchase and use of any services are all at your sole risk . 
you may view the netflix content primarily within the country in which you have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer our service and have licensed such content . 
if you become aware , or suspect for any reason , that the security of your log-in details has been compromised , please let us know here as soon as you can . 
supercell owns , has licensed , or otherwise has rights to use all of the content that appears in the service or in supercell games . 
if you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a pro , then you must notify your pro of the royalty-free license you grant through this eula to us . 
linden lab further reserves the right to terminate usage subscriptions and/or virtual goods and services for cause immediately at its sole discretion without advance notice or liability . 
to the extent any translated version of this agreement conflicts with the english version , the english version controls . 
for all other services , you 're contracting with microsoft corporation , one microsoft way , redmond , wa 98052 , u.s.a. 
you also represent and warrant to us that you and each person you have instructed us to message understands that each group member is responsible for the costs of any message charges assessed by his or her mobile carrier , including any international message charges that may apply when messages are transmitted from us-based numbers . 
your privacy is important to us . 
when you provide your data or your content to bing places , you grant microsoft a worldwide , royalty-free intellectual property license to use , reproduce , save , modify , aggregate , promote , transmit , display or distribute as part of a service , and sub-license those rights to third parties . 
all content included in or made available through any amazon service , such as text , graphics , logos , button icons , images , audio clips , digital downloads , data compilations , and software is the property of amazon or its content suppliers and protected by united states and international copyright laws . 
you do not obtain any other right or interest in evernote or the service . 
we 're thrilled you 've decided to use snapchat and our other products and services , all of which we refer to simply as the `` services . '' 
please note that when you access facebook companies and third-party services through our services , masquerade is not responsible for those third-party services and masquerade does not endorse or make any representations or warranties about those facebook companies or third-party services . 
when you sign up for the premium services , you must designate and provide information about your preferred payment method -lrb- `` payment method '' -rrb- . 
ncl owns all rights , titles and interest -lrb- including all intellectual property rights -rrb- in , and has the right to use and sublicense , the nintendo intellectual property necessary to operate the nintendo account service . 
if you use the services for any commercial , business or re-sale purpose , dropbox , its affiliates , suppliers or distributors will have no liability to you for any loss of profit , loss of business , business interruption , or loss of business opportunity . 
notices , if any , for the third-party code are included for your information only . 
if you and a disputed party do not resolve any dispute by informal negotiation or in small claims court , any other effort to resolve the dispute will be conducted exclusively by binding arbitration governed by the united states federal arbitration act -lrb- `` faa '' -rrb- . 
you acknowledge and agree that : -lrb- i -rrb- skype is not required to offer access to emergency services under any applicable local and/or national rules , regulations or law ; -lrb- ii -rrb- it is your responsibility to purchase , separately from the products , traditional wireless -lrb- mobile -rrb- or fixed line telephone services that offer access to emergency services , and -lrb- iii -rrb- the software and the products are not a replacement for your primary telephone service . 
-lrb- a -rrb- we warrant to you that any product purchased from us will , on delivery , conform in all material respects with its description and be of reasonably satisfactory quality . 
do n't want to share your number on sync.me ? 
if any change to this eula is not acceptable to you , then your sole remedy is to stop accessing , browsing and otherwise using the service . 
for clarity , the foregoing license grant to vivino does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your user submission -lrb- s -rrb- , including the right to grant additional licenses to the material in your user submission -lrb- s -rrb- , unless otherwise agreed in writing with vivino . 
if you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 -lrb- the `` parent '' -rrb- , you are agreeing to these terms on behalf of yourself and your child -lrb- ren -rrb- who are authorized to use the services pursuant to these terms and in our privacy policy . 
failure to comply with section 3 -lrb- acceptable use -rrb- and/or 5 -lrb- content standards -rrb- in these terms of use constitutes a material breach of the terms of use , and may result in our taking all or any of the following actions : 
bid update and other notification functionality in ebay 's applications may not occur in real time . 
the new rate will apply to your next purchase after the new rates have been published . 
the company -lrb- and its respective corporate parents , subsidiaries , affiliates , predecessors in interest , successors , permitted assigns -rrb- , you and any other parties on whose behalf you are accessing the service agree to arbitration -lrb- except for matters that may be taken to small claims court -rrb- , as the exclusive form of dispute resolution except as provided for below , for all disputes and claims arising out of or relating to this eula or the service . 
in doing so , you give up your right to go to court to assert or defend any claims between you and the company -lrb- except for matters that may be taken to small-claims court -rrb- . 
we reserve the right to monitor , remove or modify user-generated content for any reason and at any time , including user-generated content that we believe violates these terms , the community guidelines , and/or our policies . 
for purposes of this eula `` software '' means all software programs distributed , published or otherwise made available by rovio or its affiliates including , but not limited to mobile games , downloadable/installable games for personal computer , and games accessed by means of a browser or other online communication method . 
these terms of use -lrb- `` terms of use '' -rrb- are a legal agreement concluded between you -lrb- `` licensee '' -rrb- and protogeo oy of salomonkatu 17 a , fi-00100 helsinki , finland -lrb- `` licensor '' -rrb- for the moves app -lrb- `` service '' -rrb- . 
be likely to deceive any person or be made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party , such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence or promote any illegal activity ; 
when investigating alleged violations of these terms , microsoft reserves the right to review your content in order to resolve the issue . 
deliveroo also reserves the right to refuse to deliver any alcohol to any person who is , or appears to be , under the influence of either alcohol or drugs . 
accordingly , only those liability and other limitations which are lawful in your jurisdiction -lrb- if any -rrb- will apply to you and our liability is limited to the maximum extent permitted by law . 
opt-out of agreement to arbitrate . 
if we can not ship a product to your location , we will inform you by email that shipment to your location is not possible . 
you acknowledge and agree that yahoo is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources , and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content , advertising , products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources . 
subscriber is solely responsible for any use of or action taken under subscriber 's password and accepts full responsibility for all activity conducted through subscriber 's account and agrees to and hereby releases the site and 9gag , inc from any and all liability concerning such activity . 
please check the -lrb- reservation -rrb- details of your product or service of choice thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation . 
for clarity , termination or suspension of your account or certain activities on the service that results from a violation of section 5 regarding the english test rules and procedures does not constitute a `` test issue '' and will not result in a refund . 
our vat registration number is nl805734958b01 . 
skyscanner may in its absolute discretion immediately terminate any agreement with you under these terms at any time upon notice to you and/or , if you have a log-in account , by cancelling your membership and your access to your account . 
other than for the types of liability we can not limit by law -lrb- as described in this section -rrb- , we limit our liability to you to the greater of $ 20 usd or 100 % of any amount you 've paid under your current service plan with dropbox . 
airbnb is not responsible or liable for the availability or accuracy of such third-party services , or the content , products , or services available from such third-party services . 
l. you agree not to access content or any reason other than your personal , non-commercial use solely as intended through and permitted by the normal functionality of the service , and solely for streaming . 
if you do not wish to agree to this clause , you must not use the services . 
-lrb- ii -rrb- any loss or damage due to viruses or other malicious software that may infect your device , computer equipment , software , data or other property caused by you accessing , using or downloading from the products , or from transmissions via emails or attachments received from us . 
term and termination ; account deletion 
we may offer certain programs , tools , and site experiences of particular interest to international sellers and buyers , such as estimated local currency conversion and international shipping calculation tools . 
by accessing or using the service you represent and warrant that your activities are lawful in every jurisdiction where you access or use the service . 
class arbitrations , class actions , private attorney general actions , and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed under our agreement . 
• `` crawling '' the spotify service or otherwise using any automated means -lrb- including bots , scrapers , and spiders -rrb- to collect information from spotify ; or 
we will take measures as required to comply with applicable law regarding the transfer , storage and use of certain personal information . 
you are responsible for any activity that occurs through your account and you agree you will not sell , transfer , license or assign your account , followers , username , or any account rights . 
by uploading photos/images onto our system -lrb- for instance in addition to a review -rrb- you certify , warrant and agree that you own the copyright to the photos/images and that you agree that booking.com may use the uploaded photos/images on its -lrb- mobile -rrb- website and app , and in -lrb- online/offline -rrb- promotional materials and publications and as booking.com at its discretion sees fit . 
promote or engage in discrimination , bigotry , racism , hatred , or harassment against any individual or group ; 
you agree that linden lab will not be liable for any interruption of the service -lrb- whether intentional or not -rrb- , and you understand that except as may otherwise be specifically provided in linden lab 's billing policies , posted on applicable areas of the service and/or website -lrb- s -rrb- , you will not be entitled to any refunds of fees or other compensation for interruption of service . 
you will immediately notify academia.edu of any unauthorized use of your account . 
your use of the yahoo services and software are at your sole risk . 
after that 60-day period , your microsoft account will be closed . 
go ahead and contact us first and we 'll do our best to resolve the issue . 
by using the apps , your access to the internet through your device may be routed through onavo 's servers , which , among other things , may compress the data transmitted and reduce the volume of your downloads and/or uploads , analyze your mobile data usage , or help secure your information , for your benefit . 
google disclaims all warranties related to the translations , express or implied , including any warranties of accuracy , reliability , and any implied warranties for merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose and noninfringement . 
we wo n't recognize those transfers as legitimate . 
the arbitrator or arbitration panel , as the case may be , will apply applicable law and the provisions of this agreement and any additional terms , will determine any dispute according to applicable law and facts based upon the record and no other basis , and will issue a reasoned award . 
without limiting any other remedies , supercell may limit , suspend , terminate , modify , or delete accounts or access to the service or portions thereof if you are , or supercell suspects that you are , failing to comply with any of these terms of service or for any actual or suspected illegal or improper use of the service , with or without notice to you . 
where reasonable , skype will provide you with notice of improper usage before suspension or termination of your subscription and , if appropriate , skype may offer you an alternative subscription . 
you agree not to otherwise modify , copy , distribute , transmit , display , perform , reproduce , publish , license , create derivative works from , transfer , or sell or re-sell any information , software , products , or services obtained from or through this website . 
we also require that you use only the then-current version of the runtime . 
we may change what you can use to pay from time to time , at our sole discretion . 
if you are not the bill payer , we will assume that you have received permission from the bill payer . 
you further grant all users of the vimeo service permission to view your non-video content for their personal , non-commercial purposes . 
if you do not agree to any of the terms of this agreement or of the privacy policy , you may not access or use the service or any part thereof . 
-lrb- g -rrb- to the extent permitted by law , any claim or dispute relating to your use of pay by mobile must be filed within one year in small claims court -lrb- paragraph 20.3 -lrb- c -rrb- -rrb- or in arbitration -lrb- paragraph 20.3 -lrb- d -rrb- -rrb- . 
note that it is your responsibility to be aware of such notices , and you hereby acknowledge and agree that blizzard entertainment shall not be responsible for any damages which may arise from your failure to read and/or be aware of these publicly posted notices . 
you may download a form notice here . 
in the event that you become disabled -lrb- such that you are unable to use the services of tinder -rrb- before the end of your subscription period , you shall be entitled to a refund of that portion of any payment you had made for your subscription which is allocable to the period after your disability by providing the company notice in the same manner as you request a refund as described below . 
you and we must file in small claims court or arbitration any claim or dispute -lrb- except intellectual property disputes -- see section 15 -lrb- a -rrb- -rrb- within one year from when it first could be filed . 
14.2 you agree that youtube may provide you with notices , including those regarding changes to the terms , by email , regular mail , or postings on the service . 
please review those platforms ' terms of service for additional information . 
additionally , you may direct us to display your listing on ebay sites other than the original ebay listing site , including where you choose to list an item with an international shipping option -lrb- such as worldwide shipping or the global shipping program -rrb- ; the appearance of your listings on these sites is not guaranteed . 
if any provision of the tos is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid , the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties ' intentions as reflected in the provision , and the other provisions of the tos remain in full force and effect . 
in such cases , the liability will be limited to the typical and foreseeable damages . 
for the avoidance of doubts , this does not affect the applicability of mandatory statutory laws such as consumer protection laws of your country of residence . 
therefore , you should make whatever investigation you feel is necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any third party to determine whether a charge will be incurred . 
4.3 by breaching the provisions of this section 4 , you may commit a criminal offense under applicable laws . 
headspace is not responsible if a gift subscription is lost , stolen or used without permission . 
all content provided through the services , whether provided by us or by other athletes or third parties -lrb- even if they are claiming to be a doctor ! -rrb- 
you may reject any change we make to section 15 -lrb- except address changes -rrb- by sending us notice within 30 days of the change by u.s. mail to the address in section 15 -lrb- b -rrb- . 
you understand and agree that instagram can not and will not be responsible for the content posted on the service and you use the service at your own risk . 
for more information about our returns and refunds , please see our returns center . 
also please note that if you purchase facebook credits from facebook , such transaction is governed by the agreement between you and facebook and rovio is not a party to the transaction . 
to the full extent permissible by law , amazon disclaims all warranties , express or implied , including , but not limited to , implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose . 
these sites may contain information or material that some people may find inappropriate or offensive . 
whether or not you use this feature , other users may choose to use it to save conversations with you in their account on yahoo too . 
starting on july 1 , 2017 , the entity you are contracting with is ebay canada limited , 500 king street west , suite 200 , toronto , on m5v 1l9 , canada , if you reside in canada . 
some reasons for rejection can include : -lrb- a -rrb- we are unable to supply you with the service , for example because that item is no longer available or because of an error in the price at the point of sale ; -lrb- b -rrb- you do not live in a country or region from which the services may be purchased ; or -lrb- c -rrb- you order more than the permitted maximum number of services . 
you will not create more than one account for yourself . 
we may also , at our discretion , choose to monitor and/or record your interaction with the service or your communications with zynga or other players -lrb- including without limitation chat text and voice communications -rrb- when you are using the service . 
you may not copy , modify , distribute , sell , or lease any part of our services or included software , nor may you reverse engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software , unless laws prohibit those restrictions or you have our written permission . 
4.2 in the event of any third party claim that the service or the licensee 's possession and use of the service infringes that third party 's intellectual property rights , the licensor shall be responsible for the investigation , defense , settlement and discharge of any such intellectual property infringement claim . 
you must file any claim within one -lrb- 1 -rrb- year after such claim arose or it is forever barred . 
7.7 we are entitled to identify you to third parties who claim that their rights have been infringed by user material you have submitted . 
we both agree to arbitrate : you and fitbit agree to resolve any disputes through final and binding arbitration , except as set forth under exceptions to agreement to arbitrate below . 
you and airbnb mutually agree that any dispute , claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these terms or the breach , termination , enforcement or interpretation thereof , or to the use of the airbnb platform , the host services , or the collective content -lrb- collectively , `` disputes '' -rrb- will be settled by binding arbitration -lrb- the `` arbitration agreement '' -rrb- . 
subject to these terms of use , vivino may offer to provide the services , as described more fully on the site , and which are selected by you , solely for your own use , and not for the use or benefit of any third party . 
if oculus makes changes to these terms , we will provide notice of such changes as appropriate , such as by sending an email notification to the address that you have provided , providing notice through the services and/or updating the `` last updated '' date at the top of these terms . 
make available through the service any material or information that infringes any copyright , trademark , patent , trade secret , right of privacy , right of publicity , or other right of any person or entity or impersonates any other person , including without limitation a supercell employee . 
this scanning and analysis may occur before , during , or after the message is sent , or while in storage , and may result in your message being delayed or withheld . 
in countries where the following types of exclusions are n't allowed , we 're responsible to you only for losses and damages that are a reasonably foreseeable result of our failure to use reasonable care and skill or our breach of our contract with you . 
instead , those parts will be severed and proceed in a court of law , with the remaining parts proceeding in arbitration . 
if any provision of these terms is held to be illegal , invalid or unenforceable , in whole or in part , under any law , such provision or part thereof shall to that extent be deemed not to form part of these terms but the legality , validity and enforceability of the other provisions in these terms shall not be affected . 
impersonate any person or entity , including , but not limited to , a yahoo official , forum leader , guide or host , or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity ; 
you may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the yahoo services . 
c. application to xbox services . 
7.7 you agree that content you submit to the service will not contain any third party copyright material , or material that is subject to other third party proprietary rights -lrb- including rights of privacy or rights of publicity -rrb- , unless you have a formal licence or permission from the rightful owner , or are otherwise legally entitled , to post the material in question and to grant youtube the licence referred to in paragraph 8.1 below . 
parents and guardians who wish to review personal data concerning their child -lrb- ren -rrb- will be required to specify the usernames and passwords of the child -lrb- ren -rrb- concerned , and to provide their own e-mail address for verification and contact purposes . 
if you are having trouble accessing your microsoft account , please visit this website : http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=238656 . 
please read these terms of service in their entirety . 
you agree to indemnify , defend and hold supercell -lrb- and our officers , directors , agents , subsidiaries , joint ventures and employees -rrb- harmless from any claim , demand , damages or other losses , including reasonable attorneys ' fees , asserted by any third-party resulting from or arising out of your use of the service , or any breach by you of these terms of service , however the foregoing does not apply if the infringement of rights is not attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior . 
for clarity and notwithstanding the foregoing , those disputes relating to , arising out of , or in any way in connection with your rights of privacy and publicity are not excluded disputes . 
vimeo expressly disclaims any and all warranties of any kind , whether express or implied , including , but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , non-infringement , and any other warranty that might arise under any law . 
if you have a dispute with one or more users -lrb- including game developers and/or merchants -rrb- , you release the viber group from claims , demands , liabilities , costs , or expenses and damages -lrb- actual and consequential of every kind and nature , known and unknown , arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes -rrb- . 
the rules of the arbitral forum will govern all aspects of this arbitration , except to the extent those rules conflict with these terms . 
out-of-country usage may lead to significantly higher costs than regular usage , and you are solely responsible for keeping yourself informed and paying for possible roaming and other applicable charges levied by your mobile network operator . 
you release us , our affiliates , and our and their directors , officers , employees , partners , agents , successors and assigns -lrb- together , the `` masquerade parties '' -rrb- from any claim , complaint , cause of action , controversy , or dispute -lrb- together , `` claim '' -rrb- and damages , known and unknown , relating to , arising out of , or in any way connected with any such claim you have against any of our users or other third parties . 
our `` name search '' feature will allow you to request a phone number at a manual name search ; the request will only be accommodated it the searched person has made his phone number available for search via the service , or where his phone number is available on a publicly accessible directory . 
these terms cover use of office store , xbox store and windows store . 
if you are using the services on behalf of any entity , you represent and warrant that you are authorised to accept these terms on such entity 's behalf and that such entity agrees to be responsible to us if you or that entity violate these terms . 
the oculus marks and those of its affiliates may not be copied , imitated or used , in whole or in part , without prior written permission , including as authorised by any applicable brand guidelines . 
if your local laws impose a warranty , guarantee or condition even though these terms do not , its duration is limited to 90 days from when you download the application . 
skype emergency calling is not available for any other countries , versions or platforms . 
equitable remedies : you hereby agree that if the terms of this eula are not specifically observed , rovio will be irreparably damaged , and therefore you agree that rovio shall be entitled , without bond , other security or proof of damages , to appropriate equitable remedies with respect to your breach of any of the terms of this eula , in addition to any other available remedies . 
unless both you and ebay agree otherwise , the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person 's or party 's claims , and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated , representative , class , or private attorney general action or proceeding . 
you may not assign this agreement without vimeo 's prior written consent . 
the services are accessed by you -lrb- `` subscriber '' or `` you '' -rrb- under the following terms and conditions : 
if the contact information you provide is out of date , you may miss out on important notices . 
to protect your account , keep your account details and password confidential . 
you will not transfer or attempt to transfer your skype number or skype to go number to anyone else . 
you may not access the products in an unauthorized manner . 
the rights you grant us in this section 5 are only for the limited purpose of offering and improving the fitbit service . 
if , on return to us , it is determined that the goods have been used or damaged , are missing components or are not in a resalable condition , we may charge a 15 % restocking fee or otherwise reduce the amount of your refund to take into account the damage , use or missing components . 
a statement by you , made under penalty of perjury , that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner 's behalf . 
when you use our services , in addition to enjoying a world of good vibes , you also agree to the terms and they affect your rights and obligations . 
subject to the aaa rules , the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties , consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration . 
additionally , you hereby acknowledge that blizzard entertainment is under no obligation to monitor chat , and you engage in chat at your own risk . 
we also care about your safety while using our services . 
you hereby warrant that you will not : 
if we learn that we have inadvertently obtained information in violation of applicable laws prohibiting collection of information from children without such consent , we will promptly delete it . 
you understand and agree that youtube will treat your use of the service as acceptance of the terms from that point onwards . 
you acknowledge that uber does not provide transportation or logistics services or function as a transportation carrier and that all such transportation or logistics services are provided by independent third party contractors who are not employed by uber or any of its affiliates . 
disputes involving more than $ 75,000 . 
if you are a user having your usual residence in germany , instead of the below these eula -lsb- https://musical.ly/de/eula -rsb- exclusively shall apply . 
• is intended to or does harass or bully other users ; 
world of warcraft , the service and all related software is further subject to applicable export controls . 
notwithstanding the provisions of the `` modification '' section above , if academia.edu changes this `` dispute resolution '' section after the date you first accepted these terms -lrb- or accepted any subsequent changes to these terms -rrb- , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice -lrb- including by email to feedback@academia.edu -rrb- within 30 days of the date such change became effective , as indicated in the `` last updated date '' above or in the date of academia.edu 's email to you notifying you of such change . 
this statement does not confer any third party beneficiary rights . 
user-generated content that you post , send or otherwise make available through your nintendo account service must comply with the nintendo code of conduct . 
if you do not agree to the modified terms for a service , you should discontinue your use of that service . 
we may use information such as device id , method of payment or an account email address used with an existing or recent netflix membership to determine eligibility . 
• access , tamper with , or use non-public areas of the site , academia.edu 's computer systems , or the technical delivery systems of academia.edu 's providers ; 
to the extent permitted under your local law , we exclude any implied warranties , including for merchantability , satisfactory quality , fitness for a particular purpose , workmanlike effort , and non-infringement . 
in addition to granting us the rights mentioned in the previous paragraph , you also grant us a license to create derivative works from , promote , exhibit , broadcast , syndicate , sublicense , publicly perform , and publicly display content submitted to live , local , or any other crowd-sourced services in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods -lrb- now known or later developed -rrb- . 
any suspected illegal , fraudulent or abusive activity may be grounds for terminating your relationship and may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities . 
your use of the services and content 
any additional liability of airbnb is excluded . 
the software is being licensed to you and you hereby acknowledge that no title or ownership in the software is being transferred or assigned and this eula is not to be construed as a sale of any rights in the software . 
-lrb- 5 -rrb- communicate or post any user 's personal information in or on the world of warcraft , or websites or forums related to world of warcraft , except that a world of warcraft user may communicate his or her own personal information in a private message directed to a single user ; 
• for motor vehicles and real estate , a bid or offer initiates a non-binding transaction representing a buyer 's serious expression of interest in buying the seller 's item and does not create a formal contract between the buyer and the seller . 
prices are subject to change without notice . 
if you do not agree to the change , you may cancel your membership or subscription in your account settings or by emailing help@headspace.com . 
8.2.1 you understand that a confirmed booking of an accommodation -lrb- `` accommodation booking '' -rrb- is a limited license granted to you by the host to enter , occupy and use the accommodation for the duration of your stay , during which time the host -lrb- only where and to the extent permitted by applicable law -rrb- retains the right to re-enter the accommodation , in accordance with your agreement with the host . 
however , with respect to content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the yahoo services , you grant yahoo the following worldwide , royalty-free and non-exclusive license -lrb- s -rrb- , as applicable : 
the service may contain links to third-party websites , advertisers , services , special offers , or other events or activities that are not owned or controlled by duolingo . 
you consent and agree to receive notices of updates of these terms through our posting of updated terms on the services . 
you can change your payment method by visiting our website and clicking on the `` your account '' link . 
to the extent those supplemental terms conflict with this srr , the supplemental terms associated with the app , product , or service govern with respect to your use of such app , product or service to the extent of the conflict . 
by creating an account , you agree that the services may send you informational text -lrb- sms -rrb- messages as part of the normal business operation of your use of the services . 
we may add or remove functionalities or features . 
rovio reserves the right , at its discretion , to change , modify , add or remove portions of this eula by posting the updated eula on rovio 's website . 
each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms , which can be found at http://musical.ly/opensource.html . 
• concerning sites and resources outside of the vimeo service , even if linked to from the vimeo service . 
please be aware that any fee or subscription plan is exclusive of all taxes . 
you acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources or the content , products , or services on or available from such websites or resources . 
these terms of use do not confer any third-party beneficiary rights . 
however , if nintendo becomes aware of possibly unlawful or inappropriate user-generated content , ncl reserves the right to delete or to block access to such user-generated content at its own discretion . 
thank you for using airbnb ! 
you acknowledge that third party transportation providers providing transportation services requested through some request brands may offer ridesharing or peer-to-peer transportation services and may not be professionally licensed or permitted . 
you agree that oculus and its affiliates shall be able to use the feedback in any way it may choose without any obligation to you . 
evernote provides the service to you on the condition that you accept the dispute resolution provisions described below , so if you initiate any claim against evernote in any other manner , you shall be in violation of these terms and you agree that evernote shall be entitled to have such action dismissed or otherwise terminated and you agree to reimburse evernote for its reasonable costs incurred in defending against such improperly initiated claim . 
upon any termination of these terms or suspension , termination , or discontinuation of the fitbit service or your account , the following provisions of these terms will survive : sections 1 , 5 , 6 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 13 , 14 , 16 , 17 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 24 , 25 . 
you understand and agree that all materials publicly posted or privately transmitted on or through this service are the sole responsibility of the sender , not viber , and that you are responsible for all material you upload , publicly post or otherwise transmit to or through this service . 
to the extent not prohibited by applicable law , the courts of finland shall have jurisdiction . 
-lrb- e -rrb- our `` forever '' subscription is paid for by a one-off upfront payment . 
the aaa rules will govern payment of filing fees and the aaa 's and arbitrator 's fees and expenses . 
we both agree that all of these claims can only be litigated in the federal or state courts in santa clara county , california , usa , and we each agree to personal jurisdiction in those courts . 
payment for all meals can be made by credit or debit card through our service . 
if you reside in the european union , you acknowledge that you will therefore no longer have the right to cancel under the eu 's consumer rights directive -lrb- as implemented by the law of the country where you are located -rrb- once we start to supply the virtual item . 
ebay , or the collection agencies we retain , may also report information about your account to credit bureaus , and as a result , late payments , missed payments , or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report . 
if you are using the service on behalf of a company , organization or other legal entity -lrb- collectively , `` user organization '' -rrb- , you represent and warrant that you are an employee of that user organization or other person authorized to do so . 
11.2 the products contain or embody copyrighted material , proprietary material or other intellectual property of headspace or its licensors . 
nothing in the terms gives you a right to use the twitter name or any of the twitter trademarks , logos , domain names , and other distinctive brand features . 
all fees are stated in u.s. dollars . 
the new charges will apply to your next purchase after the new charges have been published . 
if spotify is notified by a copyright holder that any content infringes a copyright , spotify may in its absolute discretion take actions without prior notification to the provider of that content . 
we provide a policy and process for complaints concerning content posted by our members . 
however , viber reserves the right to charge you for such products -lrb- at the normal rate -rrb- in the event that viber determines -lrb- in its reasonable discretion -rrb- that you are abusing the terms of the offer , including if you are using any service , proxy or other device or anonymous ip address that prevents us from locating you . 
24 choice of law , mandatory arbitration and venue 
spotify does not accept any codes of conduct as mandatory in connection with the services provided under these agreements . 
the remaining provisions of the terms will continue to be valid and enforceable . 
so do not use our services in a way that would distract you from obeying traffic or safety laws . 
we are not responsible in any way for : -lrb- a -rrb- the availability of , -lrb- b -rrb- the privacy practices of , -lrb- c -rrb- the content , advertising , products , goods or other materials or resources on or available from , or -lrb- d -rrb- the use to which others make of these other websites or services . 
your password protects your user account , and you are solely responsible for keeping your password confidential and secure . 
please see our commercial terms for information on terminating payment for paid services upon death or incapacity . 
it is strictly prohibited to include information in your profile that suggests that you are a spotify employee or moderator or to otherwise pose as such an employee or moderator when using the spotify support community . 
you agree that all information that you submit upon creation of your account , including information submitted from your facebook account , is accurate and truthful and you have the right to post the content on the service and grant the license to tinder above . 
you agree not to challenge truecaller 's rights in , or otherwise attempt to assert any rights in , the services or any content provided by other users , except those rights explicitly granted under these terms . 
spotify has no responsibility for your choices to post material on the service . 
you may use our services only as permitted by law , including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations . 
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted to or through the service . 
skype further does not represent or warrant that the software , products and/or skype websites will always be available , accessible , uninterrupted , timely , secure , accurate , complete and error-free or will operate without packet loss , nor does skype warrant any connection to or transmission from the internet , or any quality of calls made through the software . 
if you have a dispute with another player , you release zynga and its officers , directors , agents , subsidiaries , joint ventures , and employees , and all zynga affiliates from responsibility , claims , demands and/or damages -lrb- actual or consequential -rrb- of every kind and nature , whether known or unknown , resulting from that dispute or connected to that dispute . 
by continuing to use or access the services after the updates come into effect , you agree to be bound by the revised terms . 
if you experience discomfort , take a break . 
if you are accessing a united kingdom or luxembourg version of the service , nothing in this agreement shall exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of either party or their servants , agents , or employees . 
if the correct price of an item sold by amazon is higher than our stated price , we will , at our discretion , either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation . 
you may also report a phone number as spam in our directory and block future attempts to contact you from that phone number using our `` call block '' feature . 
if you wish to review the terms of the agreements , the effective version of the agreements can be found on spotify 's website . 
for certain products and services , booking.com facilitates -lrb- through third party payment processors -rrb- the payment of the relevant product or service -lrb- i.e. the payment facilitation service -rrb- at the election of the supplier -lrb- booking.com never acts nor operates as the merchant of record -rrb- . 
4.1 the licensee acknowledges that : 
the program is solely for your personal and noncommercial use . 
you understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the site is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated ; that vivino will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content ; and that vivino can not guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the service . 
neither spotify nor any owner of content warrants that the spotify service is free of malware or other harmful components . 
this applies to all kinds of claims under any legal theory , unless the claim fits in one of the exceptions in the exceptions to agreement to arbitrate sub-section . 
contains any type of unauthorized or unsolicited advertising ; 
we do not warrant that this service will be uninterrupted or error-free . 
new versions of the terms , the community rules and the privacy policy and any other policies , codes or rules will be accessible at www.zynga.com or from within the services . 
we may also require you to agree to additional terms , rules , policies , guidelines , or other conditions -lrb- collectively , `` product-specific terms '' -rrb- that are specific to certain services -lrb- for example , the commercial tools -rrb- . 
your only right or remedy with respect to any problems or dissatisfaction with the services , is to uninstall the truecaller applications and cease to use the services . 
you are required to inform the host of any medical or physical conditions , or other circumstances that may impact your and any additional guest 's ability to safely participate in any experience , event or other host service . 
a non-exhaustive list of our trademarks and the policy governing their use is available here . 
further , you agree that all terminations , limitations of access and suspensions for cause shall be made in yahoo 's sole discretion and that yahoo shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account , any associated email address , or access to the yahoo services . 
to the extent not prohibited by law , supercell shall not be liable to you for more than the amount you have paid to supercell in accordance with these terms of service in the six -lrb- 6 -rrb- months immediately preceding the date on which you first assert a claim . 
your use of the service must be in accordance with these terms . 
you may only access and use our services for lawful , authorized , and acceptable purposes . 
therefore , if you have an idea or information that you would like to keep confidential and/or do n't want others to use , do not post it on the service . 
in the service , you may purchase , with `` real world '' money , a limited , personal , non-transferable , non-sublicensable , revocable license to use -lrb- a -rrb- `` virtual currency , '' including but not limited to virtual gems , solely for use in the service , and -lrb- b -rrb- `` virtual in-app items '' -lrb- together with `` virtual currency , '' `` virtual items '' -rrb- . 
we reserve the right to send electronic mail to you , for the purpose of informing you of changes or additions to the service or of any betterpoints.uk related products and services . 
• interfere with the working of our services , or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure ; 
linden lab does not ensure continuous , error-free , secure or virus-free operation of the service , the software , the websites , the servers , or your account , and you understand that you shall not be entitled to refunds or other compensation based on linden lab 's failure to provide any of the foregoing other than as explicitly provided in this agreement . 
notwithstanding the above , for transparency and fraud prevention purposes , and as permitted by applicable laws , we may , but have no obligation to -lrb- i -rrb- ask members to provide a form of government identification or other information or undertake additional checks designed to help verify the identities or backgrounds of members , -lrb- ii -rrb- screen members against third party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers , and -lrb- iii -rrb- where we have sufficient information to identify a member , obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or an equivalent version of background or registered sex offender checks in your local jurisdiction -lrb- if available -rrb- . 
you can withdraw your agreement at any time by changing the settings on your user account . 
you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdiction from which you are accessing this website . 
we make no representations or warranties that the services are appropriate or available for use in other locations . 
dropbox may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries , or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the services . 
except as expressly and specifically set forth in this these terms of service , no representations , statements , consents , waivers , or other acts or omissions by supercell shall be deemed a modification of these terms of service nor legally binding , unless documented in physical writing , hand signed by you and a duly appointed officer of supercell . 
you agree that any claim you have against us must be commenced or filed within one year after such claim arose ; otherwise , your claim is permanently barred . 
who can use our service : we are excited to have you start playing our games , but there are some limits on who can use our service . 
you may have additional consumer rights under your local laws that this agreement ca n't change . 
use the service in connection with material which promotes illegal activities , or the violation of any local , state , national , or international law or regulation , including , without limitation , laws governing intellectual property and other proprietary rights -lrb- including , but not limited to , patents , trademarks , trade secrets , copyrights , or any confidential , proprietary or trade secret information of any third party -rrb- , information protection and privacy , including , but not limited to , content which disseminates another person 's personal information without his or her permission . 
to better protect your privacy , we provide notices explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at our services . 
by downloading any software related to the service , you represent and warrant that you are not located in , under the control of , or a national or resident of , any such country or on any such list . 
these terms of use were written in english -lrb- us -rrb- . 
loss of actual or anticipated profits ; 
the terms `` we '' , `` us '' , `` our '' and `` tripadvisor '' refer to tripadvisor llc , and our corporate affiliates and websites -lrb- collectively , `` tripadvisor '' -rrb- . 
to the extent any component of the software may be offered under an open source license , we 'll make that license available to you and the provisions of that license may expressly override some of these terms . 
alcoholic beverages can only be sold and delivered to persons aged 18 or over . 
if you wish to request a refund , please visit https://getsupport.apple.com . 
you and ebay agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen , or may arise , between you and ebay -lrb- including any claim or dispute between you and a third-party agent of ebay -rrb- that relates in any way to or arises out of this or previous versions of the ebay user agreement , your use of or access to the services , the actions of ebay or its agents , or any products or services sold or purchased through the services , will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this legal disputes section . 
amazon does not warrant that the amazon services , information , content , materials , products -lrb- including software -rrb- or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through the amazon services , amazon 's servers or electronic communications sent from amazon are free of viruses or other harmful components . 
if you select a username or similar identifier for your account or page , we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it if we believe it is appropriate -lrb- such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user 's actual name -rrb- . 
if , however , this waiver of class or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable , neither you nor headspace are entitled to arbitration ; instead all claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in section 13.13 below . 
we have no control over the contents of those sites or resources , and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them . 
you may use our service only for lawful purposes . 
it will hold harmless and indemnify google and its affiliates , officers , agents , and employees from any claim , suit or action arising from or related to the use of the services or violation of these terms , including any liability or expense arising from claims , losses , damages , suits , judgments , litigation costs and attorneys ' fees . 
when it comes to your use of the service , you agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and all conduct under your account . 
9gag , inc reserves the right , at its discretion , to modify these terms of service at any time by posting revised terms of service on the site and by providing notice via e-mail , where possible , or on the site . 
app provider has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the app . 
microsoft or the owners of the digital goods may , from time to time , remove digital goods from the services without notice . 
the rovio services are protected by applicable laws and treaties throughout the world . 
your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies , terms of use , and fees of these third parties . 
1.7 due to the nature of the internet , airbnb can not guarantee the continuous and uninterrupted availability and accessibility of the airbnb platform . 
7.5 we may link user material or parts of user material to other material , including material submitted by other users or created by headspace or other third parties . 
you can respectfully disagree with a message , post or topic , but please do not attack other athletes by mocking or insulting them . 
truecaller hereby reserves the right in its absolute discretion to remove any user generated content from the services . 
any photo/image that does not meet the aforesaid criteria will not be posted and/or can be removed/deleted by booking.com at any time and without prior notice . 
you may cancel a service at any time , with or without cause . 
you may use the services only in compliance with these terms and all applicable laws , rules and regulations . 
* platform page : this page helps you better understand what happens when you add a third-party application or use facebook connect , including how they may access and use your data . 
this agreement , including the additional terms and policies referenced in this agreement , sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and linden lab with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior or contemporaneous agreements or understandings . 
if you do not agree to these terms of use , do not use access our site or use our service . 
if you do not agree to updated terms , you should stop using our services and/or close your account . 
this agreement -lrb- the `` agreement '' or the `` terms '' -rrb- describes the terms on which linden research , inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries , including tilia inc. and tilia branch uk ltd. -lrb- collectively , `` linden lab '' -rrb- offer you access to its interactive entertainment products and services . 
fitbit is not liable to you or to any third party for any modification , suspension , or discontinuance of any feature or component of the fitbit service . 
much of the content on our services is produced by users , publishers , and other third parties . 
by signing up for and using the premium services , including signing up for free trials of the premium services , you agree to pay any fees or other incurred charges that apply to the premium services -lrb- such as subscription fees -rrb- . 
information use by other members of the service 
- ordered on -lrb- * -rrb- / received on -lrb- * -rrb- ; 
-lrb- b -rrb- comments : when you use our public forums , your content is public and you allowing anyone , on viber and elsewhere to view it and associate it with you . 
post anything that contains software viruses , worms , or any other harmful code ; 
persons placing an order for alcohol from our partner restaurants must be aged 18 or over . 
however , if you keep using the service after the changes are posted , you are agreeing that the changes apply to your continued use of the services . 
monitor or review any content submitted by you in connection with the service , reject any content submitted or remove any content from the service , or refuse your requests in connection with the service . 
we reserve all rights not expressly granted to you . 
world of warcraft is the copyrighted work of blizzard entertainment , inc. , a corporation organized under the laws of the state of delaware . 
you will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date . 
you can not migrate a character to a target server if the name of the character is already in use on the target server . 
you may opt out of some of those communications . 
there may be a limited number of a particular reward available , and those rewards will be delivered on a first-come , first-served basis . 
because you own your content and information and we only have non-exclusive rights to it , you may choose to make it available to others , including under the terms of a creative commons license . 
the service 's practices governing any resulting collection and use of your personal information are disclosed in our privacy policy . 
please visit https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/cc/index.htm for more information or to register any concerns or complaints regarding video content accessible on the yahoo network of properties . 
a printed version of these terms of use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these terms of use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form . 
no advice or information , whether oral or written , obtained by you from evernote or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in these terms of service . 
compliance notice pursuant to 18 u.s.c. § 2257 
you acknowledge that your unauthorised use of the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms may result in irreparable damage and injury to skyscanner and/or its affiliates or licensors for which money damages would be inadequate . 
tripadvisor makes no representation that materials on the tripadvisor websites are appropriate or available for use outside of the united states . 
you agree to -lrb- a -rrb- immediately notify yahoo of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security , and -lrb- b -rrb- ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session . 
to the extent it 's necessary , when you appear in , create , upload , post , or send live , local , or other crowd-sourced content , you also grant snap group limited , snap inc. , and our affiliates and business partners the unrestricted , worldwide right and license to use your name , likeness , and voice . 
licenses granted by academia.edu to academia.edu content and member content 
if you elect to use any third party service or application that is integrated with evernote , you also agree that the licenses granted to evernote in the preceding paragraph shall apply to content that is submitted or uploaded through such third party service or application . 
provide any false personal information to vivino -lrb- including a false user name -rrb- or create any account for anyone other than yourself without such person 's permission ; 
the foregoing disclaimer of certain damages and limitation of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law . 
the travel provider terms will set out what rights you have against the travel provider and will explain their liability to you in the event of anything going wrong . 
- to nintendo of europe gmbh , herriotstrasse 4 , 60528 frankfurt am main , germany , fax number : +49 69 667747 95412 , email address : for the uk and ireland : customer-support@nintendo.co.uk / for other eu countries and south africa : eshopservice@nintendo.de 
for example , we may allow members associated with an enterprise -lrb- as defined in our privacy policy -rrb- to book for other members , or we may allow hosts to add other members as co-hosts -lrb- as defined below -rrb- to help manage their listings . 
this includes disputes arising out of or relating to interpretation or application of this `` mandatory arbitration provisions '' section , including its enforceability , revocability , or validity . 
we reserve the right to disclose information about your usage of the service and demographics in forms that do not reveal your personal identity . 
you may not copy , reproduce , republish , download , post , broadcast , transmit , make available to the public , or otherwise use any content on our site in any way except for your own personal , non-commercial use . 
they may also be able to restrict or terminate your access to a dropbox team account . 
you represent and warrant that you will read all health and safety warnings and instructions before using the services . 
a statement by you , made under penalty of perjury , that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner 's behalf . 
-lrb- ii -rrb- any third party technology ; 
fitbit may freely assign or transfer these terms without restriction . 
-lrb- to learn more about platform , including how you can control what information other people may share with applications , read our data policy and platform page . -rrb- 
this agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws applicable in your country of residence . 
subject to this fup , skype 's unlimited subscriptions allow unlimited calls to landlines in the applicable subscription countries -lrb- excluding special , premium , service and non-geographic numbers -rrb- . 
if a parent has consented to a child 's access to and use of the services but wishes to rescind such consent , the parent should contact us at https://pokemongo.nianticlabs.com/support/delete/en to submit the request . 
upon termination of subscriber 's account , subscriber 's right to use the services , access the site , and any content will immediately cease . 
in accordance with the us digital millennium copyright act -lrb- `` dmca '' -rrb- and other applicable laws , we have adopted a policy of terminating , in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion , accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers . 
we are not responsible for any health problems that may result from training programs , consultations , products , or events you learn about through the services . 
you also acknowledge that the services may be made available under such brands or request options by or in connection with : -lrb- i -rrb- certain of uber 's subsidiaries and affiliates ; or -lrb- ii -rrb- independent third party providers , including transportation network company drivers , transportation charter permit holders or holders of similar transportation permits , authorizations or licenses . 
click here to view our privacy policy . 
you agree that any dispute between you and fitbit arising out of or relating to these terms of service , the fitbit service , or any other fitbit products or services -lrb- collectively , `` disputes '' -rrb- will be governed by the arbitration procedure outlined below . 
all special offers and promotions are marked as such . 
you understand that by using the services you may be exposed to content that might be unlawful , offensive , harmful , inaccurate , or otherwise inappropriate or deceptive . 
a physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest ; 
if any provision of these terms is found unenforceable , then that provision will be severed from these terms and not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions . 
`` websites '' are the websites and services available from the domain and subdomains of linden lab and any related entity or successor domains from which linden lab may offer the service . 
you agree not to use the service for public performances . 
discriminate against or harass anyone on the basis of race , national origin , religion , gender , gender identity , physical or mental disability , medical condition , marital status , age or sexual orientation , or otherwise engage in any abusive or disruptive behavior ; 
stated alternatively , if you disagree with any part of the terms , then you are not permitted to use our services . 
you understand that while you may `` earn '' `` buy '' or `` purchase '' virtual items in our services , you do not legally `` own '' the virtual items and the amounts of any virtual item do not refer to any credit balance of real currency or its equivalent . 
assign rights , severability and waiver 
these terms of use apply to all users of the service , including , without limitation , users who are contributors of content , information , and other materials or services on the site , individual users of the service , venues that access the service , and users that have a page on the service 
any false , misleading or inaccurate information provided by you may result in civil and criminal liability . 
this does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer . 
you are solely responsible for your interactions with other users . 
9.3 if a host cancels a confirmed booking , the guest will receive a full refund of the total fees for such booking and airbnb may publish an automated review on the listing cancelled by the host indicating that a booking was cancelled . 
while we do not and can not review every message or other material posted or sent by users of the service , and are not responsible for any content of these messages or materials , we reserve the right , but are not obligated , to delete , move , or edit messages or materials , including without limitation property profiles , public postings and messages , that we , in our sole discretion , deem to violate the code of conduct set out above or any applicable content guidelines , or to be otherwise unacceptable . 
please feel free to contact us through our support team if you have any questions or suggestions . 
effective september 26 , 2016 for players who do not play any zynga game for the first time between july 26 , 2016 and september 26 , 2016 . 
our notice to you will be sent to you based on the most recent contact information -lrb- including email address -rrb- that you provide us . 
some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties . 
if we do not enforce a provision in these terms , it will not be considered a waiver . 
linden lab may , but will not have the obligation to , display , maintain , or otherwise make use of , any of your user content , and linden lab may , in its sole discretion , modify , delete , or otherwise make use of user content without notice or any liability to you or any third party . 
you represent and warrant you will only send messages through the apps to other users who have given you their express consent to receive such messages , and you will indemnify and hold the company harmless from any and all claims arising out of your sending these messages to any users . 
-lrb- g -rrb- our designated agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows : 
you retain any and all intellectual property rights you already hold under applicable law in content you upload , publish , and submit to or through the servers , websites , and other areas of the service , subject to the rights , licenses , and other terms of this agreement , including any underlying rights of other users or linden lab in content that you may use or modify . 
basically , they ensure that this agreement between us is enforceable . 
if you believe that any content infringes your intellectual property rights or other rights , see spotify 's copyright policy . 
please see our privacy and cookies policy for more information about how we may contact you . 
disclose information that you do not have the consent to disclose -lrb- such as confidential information of others -lrb- including your employer -rrb- -rrb- ; 
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the service -lrb- and such description must be reasonably sufficient to enable us to find the alleged infringing material -rrb- ; 
the aaa 's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879 . 
this end user license agreement and terms of service -lrb- this `` eula '' -rrb- is a binding contract between you , an individual user -lrb- `` you '' -rrb- and musical.ly , an exempted company duly incorporated with limited liability and validly existing under the laws of the cayman islands d/b/a musical.ly inc. -lrb- `` company , '' `` we , '' `` us '' or `` our '' -rrb- governing your use of all mobile software applications the company makes available for download -lrb- each , an `` app , '' and together , the `` apps '' -rrb- and the related website located at www.musical.ly and/or any other website -lrb- s -rrb- owned or controlled by or on behalf of the company -lrb- collectively , `` sites , '' and collectively with the apps , the `` service '' -rrb- . 
duolingo may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the service at any time . 
the connection fee , where applicable , will be charged at the beginning of the call . 
if there is any inconsistency between those local terms and these terms , then the local terms shall govern to the extent of that inconsistency . 
if microsoft disables the ability to use the applications on your devices pursuant to your agreement with microsoft , any associated license rights will terminate . 
general practices regarding use and storage 
unless the arbitrator determines that your claim was frivolous or filed for the purpose of harassment , airbnb agrees it will not seek , and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law or the aaa rules , to recover attorneys ' fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration . 
fitbit content , the fitbit service , and its underlying technology are protected by copyright , trademark , patent , intellectual property , and other laws of the united states and foreign countries . 
the laws of some states or jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain damages , so some or all of the exclusions and limitations set forth above may not apply to you . 
you understand and agree that your express acceptance of the terms or your use of the software , products and/or skype websites after the date of publication shall constitute your agreement to the updated terms . 
not in violation of contractual restrictions or other parties ' rights , and that you have permission from any other party whose personal or other information or intellectual property is contained within the user content ; 
we would not be able to provide the services to you on an economically reasonable basis without these warranty disclaimers , releases , and limitations of liability . 
if we discontinue a service , where reasonably possible , we will give you reasonable advance notice and a chance to get information out of that service . 
use meta tags or code or other devices containing any reference to tinder or the service -lrb- or any trademark , trade name , service mark , logo or slogan of tinder -rrb- to direct any person to any other website for any purpose . 
14.4 qik free and open source software notice is incorporated herein by reference . 
ncl is not responsible for any user-generated content . 
you may not modify , or use the material or any other content on our services for any purpose not permitted by these terms . 
for example , never snap and drive . 
we may provide you with notices by email -lrb- to the email address associated with your account -rrb- , regular mail or postings on the website -lrb- s -rrb- related to the affected service . 
the federal arbitration act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this dispute-resolution provision . 
if your username or password is lost or stolen , or if you believe there has been unauthorized access to your account by third parties , please notify us immediately and change your password as soon as possible . 
arbitration procedures : the american arbitration association -lrb- aaa -rrb- will administer the arbitration under its commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes . 
your content does not include masquerade content . 
some content licensed or provided to spotify -lrb- e.g. podcasts -rrb- may contain advertising as part of the content . 
you may send notices of a legal nature to vimeo at legal -lsb- at -rsb- vimeo -lsb- dot -rsb- com or the following address : 
all claims filed or brought contrary to this dispute resolution section will be considered improperly filed . 
you may rectify or remove any personal information related to you from the service at any time , by contacting us at : support@sync.me . 
by submitting ideas , suggestions , documents , and/or proposals -lrb- `` contributions '' -rrb- to yahoo through its suggestion or feedback webpages , you acknowledge and agree that : -lrb- a -rrb- your contributions do not contain confidential or proprietary information ; -lrb- b -rrb- yahoo is not under any obligation of confidentiality , express or implied , with respect to the contributions ; -lrb- c -rrb- yahoo shall be entitled to use or disclose -lrb- or choose not to use or disclose -rrb- such contributions for any purpose , in any way , in any media worldwide ; -lrb- d -rrb- yahoo may have something similar to the contributions already under consideration or in development ; -lrb- e -rrb- your contributions automatically become the property of yahoo without any obligation of yahoo to you ; and -lrb- f -rrb- you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from yahoo under any circumstances . 
you acknowledge that your use of the service is at your sole risk . 
-lrb- the aaa provides a general demand for arbitration -rrb- the arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by the parties from the aaa 's roster of arbitrators . 
when you update your payment method , you authorize us to continue charging the updated payment method , and you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts . 
tripadvisor may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to all or parts of the website or any other tripadvisor web site without notice or liability for technical or security reasons , to prevent against unauthorised access , loss of , or destruction of data or where we consider in our sole discretion that you are in breach of any provision of these terms and conditions or of any law or regulation and where it decides to discontinue providing a service . 
if your child is using the vimeo service and is either under 13 or does not have your permission , please contact us immediately so that we can disable his or her access . 
b. to the extent necessary to provide the services to you and others , to protect you and the services , and to improve microsoft products and services , you grant to microsoft a worldwide and royalty-free intellectual property license to use your content , for example , to make copies of , retain , transmit , reformat , display , and distribute via communication tools your content on the services . 
web content , opinions and advice 
the facebook companies and third-party services ' terms and privacy policies will govern your use of such services . 
notwithstanding the foregoing , you agree that skype grants to the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the skype website for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials , but not caches or archives of such materials . 
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed ; 
for example , you may not take the results from a search of the services and reformat and display them , or mirror our home pages or results pages on your website . 
you must use this address to opt out : 
about booking.com and the support companies 
true software scandinavia ab -lrb- `` truecaller '' or `` we '' -rrb- offers users -lrb- `` users '' or `` you '' -rrb- global phone community services transacted through various software applications and services , including but not limited to the `` truecaller '' , the `` truedialer '' and the `` truemessenger '' applications . 
unless airbnb explicitly permits otherwise , book any listing if you will not actually be using the host services yourself ; 
parents should monitor their children 's use of applications for signs of symptoms . 
you are solely responsible for all of your communications and interactions with other users of the site and services and with other persons with whom you communicate or interact as a result of your use of the site or services . 
it depends upon how you interact with the evernote service and our software applications . 
impersonates any person or entity , including any employee or representative of vivino ; 
as a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen -lrb- 13 -rrb- from whom we have collected personal data , you have the right to review and request deletion of such personal data , and to refuse to permit further collection or use of such personal data . 
the section headings used herein are for reference only and shall not be read to have any legal effect . 
-lrb- b -rrb- your user material is not illegal , obscene , defamatory , threatening , pornographic , harassing , hateful , racially or ethnically offensive , and does not encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense , and does not give rise to civil liability , violate any law , or is otherwise deemed inappropriate . 
with that said , we have no obligation to do so . 
this includes expressing stereotypes about any group or community . 
other local taxes may apply in certain countries . 
we retain the right , in our sole discretion , to implement new elements as part of and/or ancillary to the service , including changes that may affect the previous mode of operation of the service or evernote software . 
by way of example , publicly accessible areas of the yahoo services would include yahoo message boards and portions of yahoo groups and flickr that are open to both members and visitors . 
we may stop -lrb- permanently or temporarily -rrb- providing the services or any features within the services to you or to users generally . 
viber respects the intellectual property rights of others and asks users of our services to do the same . 
this restriction applies to any use that interferes or attempts to interfere with the normal operations of the services , including by hacking , deleting , augmenting or altering the services or any content . 
if you do not want to continue to be charged on a recurring monthly basis , you must cancel the applicable paid subscription through your spotify account 's subscription page or terminate your spotify account before the end of the recurring monthly period . 
the spotify support community is a place for discussions and exchange of information , tips , and other materials related to the spotify service . 
d. you agree not to -lrb- or attempt to -rrb- circumvent , disable or otherwise interfere with any security related features of the service or features that -lrb- i -rrb- prevent or restrict use or copying of content or -lrb- ii -rrb- enforce limitations on use of the service or the content accessible via the service ; 
xbox live and microsoft studios games and applications 
you represent and warrant that you own your content or that you have all rights necessary to grant us a license to use your content as described in these terms . 
netflix regularly makes changes to the service , including the content library . 
you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark , logo , or other proprietary information -lrb- including images , text , page layout , or form -rrb- of amazon without express written consent . 
any content that is not published by truecaller , i.e. that you or other users post or communicate directly in or on the services , including user information , user profile information , status updates and messages sent via the services may not be previewed by truecaller . 
however , ncl is not the seller . 
we therefore take reasonable steps to expeditiously remove from our services any infringing material that we become aware of . 
we refer to this as the `` prohibition of class and representative actions . '' 
so long as you comply with these terms , we give you a limited , nonexclusive , nontransferable , revocable license to use the software , solely to access the services . 
illegal , harassing , hateful , defamatory , embarrassing , offensive , obscene , sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable actions performed with the nintendo account ; 
if you purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card , paypal or moneybookers -lrb- skrill -rrb- , and you have enabled auto-recharge , your skype credit balance will be recharged with the amount necessary to purchase your next recurring subscription . 
`` sending automated queries '' includes but is not limited to : 
except as prohibited by law , you hereby waive , and you agree to waive , any moral rights -lrb- including attribution and integrity -rrb- that you may have in any user content , even if it is altered or changed in a manner not agreeable to you . 
to the extent allowed by applicable law , you agree that you will bring any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of this website within two -lrb- 2 -rrb- years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or such claim or cause of action will be irrevocably waived . 
7.1 terms applicable to all listings 
g. must file within one year . 
by using our services , you 're agreeing to be bound by these terms , our privacy policy and acceptable use policy . 
the arbitration will be conducted before a neutral single arbitrator in the county of allegheny in the commonwealth of pennsylvania , whose decision will be final and binding , and the arbitral proceedings will be governed by the american arbitration association -lrb- `` aaa '' -rrb- under its aaa commercial arbitration rules , consumer due process protocol , and supplementary procedures for resolution of consumer related disputes , as modified by these terms and conditions . 
previous version of this eula may be found here . 
we hope you enjoy using our services and encourage you to share your enthusiasm for them with your friends . 
for non-billing customer assistance , please go to https://zyngasupport.helpshift.com/ , or for black diamond slots , email support@risingtidegames.com , or for naturalmotion games you may also obtain customer assistance by clicking on the `` support '' link on that game 's page found on naturalmotion 's website . 
as the nintendo account service is for your own personal recreational and non-commercial use , we are also not responsible for any loss of profit , loss of business , business interruption , loss of data or loss of business opportunity . 
in order to participate in certain products , you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions ; those additional terms are hereby incorporated into these terms . 
as limited by the faa , these terms and the applicable aaa rules , the arbitrator will have the exclusive power and jurisdiction to make all procedural and substantive decisions concerning the dispute , provided , however , that this power does not include the power to conduct a class arbitration or a representative action , which is prohibited by these terms -lrb- as stated above -rrb- . 
subject to the foregoing , you use this website at your own risk and in no event shall the tripadvisor media group companies -lrb- or their officers , directors and affiliates -rrb- be liable for any direct , indirect , punitive , incidental , special , or consequential lossses or damages or any loss of income , profits , goodwill , data , contracts , use of money , or loss or damages arising from or conntected in any way to business interruption of any type arising out of , or in any way connected with , your access to , display of or use of this website or with the delay or inability to access , display or use this website -lrb- including , but not limited to , your reliance upon reviews and opinions appearing on this website ; any computer viruses , information , software , linked sites , products , and services obtained through this website ; or otherwise arising out of the access to , display of or use of this website -rrb- whether based on a theory of negligence , contract , tort , strict liability , or otherwise , and even if tripadvisor has been advised of the possibility of such damages . 
solicit or attempt to solicit login information or any other login credentials or personal information from other users of the service or any supercell game . 
19.2 user account on skype manager 
use of the service is not authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms of use , including without limitation , this section . 
hosts are not allowed to ask for a security deposit after a booking has been confirmed or outside of the airbnb platform . 
e. attempting to copy , duplicate , reproduce , sell , trade , or resell our resources is strictly prohibited . 
you may be required to be a registered user in order to purchase some services . 
paid services and billing will auto-renew unless you cancel . 
for any claim in which you seek u.s. $ 10,000.00 or less , you shall have the choice as to whether the hearing is conducted in person , by telephone , or instead the arbitrator may decide the dispute without a hearing . 
if you believe that your copyright has been infringed , please send us a notice as set forth in our copyright and dmca policy , which is incorporated into this agreement . 
oculus reserves the right to change , suspend , remove , discontinue or disable access to the services or particular portions thereof , at any time and without notice . 
you may need your own amazon account to use certain amazon services , and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it . 
discount , coupon and gift codes can not be exchanged , refunded , replaced or redeemed for cash or payment of accounts . 
in proving the service of any notice via email , it will be sufficient to prove that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee . 
15.4 airbnb may immediately , without notice terminate this agreement if -lrb- i -rrb- you have materially breached your obligations under these terms , the payments terms , our policies or standards , -lrb- ii -rrb- you have violated applicable laws , regulations or third party rights , or -lrb- iii -rrb- airbnb believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to protect the personal safety or property of airbnb , its members , or third parties -lrb- for example in the case of fraudulent behavior of a member -rrb- . 
activities promoted by the services may pose risks even to those who are currently in good health . 
however , the duration of statutorily required warranties , if any , shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law . 
impersonates any person or entity , including any atlassolutionsgroup.com employees or representatives . 
is fraudulent or otherwise unlawful or violates any law 
our terms are written in english -lrb- u.s. -rrb- . 
if you do not have an account , you accept these terms by using any part of the fitbit service . 
13.1 third parties may offer products or services via the software and/or skype websites , including games , applications , images , ring tones , or avatars . 
you shall not copy , reproduce , distribute , transmit , broadcast , display , sell , license , or otherwise exploit any content for any other purposes without the prior written consent of youtube or the respective licensors of the content . 
skype does not guarantee that you will be able to use your skype credit balance to purchase all skype paid products . 
3.2 codes and other pre-paid offers 
violates or infringes someone else 's rights of publicity , privacy , copyright , trademark , or other intellectual-property right . 
payment is safely processed from your credit/debit card or bank account to the bank account of the supplier through a third-party payment processor . 
if you do not wish to be bound by this agreement , do not use the vimeo service . 
we can not be held responsible for any injury or harm to you resulting from objectionable user-generated content or another athlete 's failure to comply with our community guidelines . 
also , instagram reserves the right to remove any content from the service for any reason , without prior notice . 
you may opt-out of this arbitration agreement . 
• manipulate the price of any item or interfere with any other user 's listings ; 
you may not incorporate any portion of the amazon software into other programs or compile any portion of it in combination with other programs , or otherwise copy -lrb- except to exercise rights granted in this section -rrb- , modify , create derivative works of , distribute , assign any rights to , or license the amazon software in whole or in part . 
the services are protected by copyright , trademark , and other us and foreign laws . 
per the distance agreement , the delivery of your products will be made within thirty -lrb- 30 -rrb- days . 
after signing up for an account , you may receive periodic email communications regarding the operations of our services . 
any use of the content and information obtained through the use of the services shall be at your own discretion and risk . 
skype will publish the changes at www.skype.com/go/tou . 
as part of the game , you may communicate with other users both in writing and orally . 
if your character is a `` guild master , '' it can not be migrated to a target server . 
to the extent the other terms and conditions of these terms and conditions are less restrictive than , or otherwise conflict with , the terms and conditions of this paragraph , the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this paragraph apply , but solely with respect to apps from the apple app store . 
you agree to use caution in all interactions with other users , particularly if you decide to communicate off the service or meet in person . 
skype reserves the right to charge you for such products -lrb- at the normal rate -rrb- in the event that skype determines -lrb- in its reasonable discretion -rrb- that you are abusing the terms of the offer , including if you are using any service , proxy or other devices or anonymous ip address that prevents us from locating you . 
we can each end this contract anytime we want . 
viber agrees that it will not seek reimbursement from you for its costs and fees incurred by it in the arbitration . 
you are granting booking.com a non-exclusive , worldwide , irrevocable , unconditional , perpetual right and license to use , reproduce , display , have reproduced , distribute , sublicense , communicate and make available the photos/images as booking.com at its discretion sees fit . 
upon receipt of any such request , we will endeavor to promptly remedy the adverse impact caused by the modification , extend the duration of your paid service subscription for a period of time equal to the interruption and/or refund a portion of your paid service subscription fee equal to the remaining unused term of the paid service subscription , as we determine appropriate or as may be required by applicable law . 
• using the spotify service to import or copy any local files you do not have the legal right to import or copy in this way ; 
some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages , so the above limitation may not apply to you . 
this includes posts that encourage the drama in a topic to escalate , or posts intended to incite an uproar from the community . 
nothing herein shall limit vimeo 's right to object to subpoenas , claims , or other demands . 
if noe offers a license for a digital product for download and use on a nintendo 3ds system or wii u console for purchasing in nintendo shopping services , a nintendo network id is required and the license for the respective digital product is registered and tied to your nintendo network id . 
by installing or using the services you agree that we can receive this information . 
you agree that virtual money and virtual goods have no monetary value and do not constitute actual currency or property of any type . 
amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content . 
if any provision of these terms of use is held to be unlawful , void , or for any reason unenforceable during arbitration or by a court of competent jurisdiction , then that provision will be deemed severable from these terms of use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions . 
the licensor is solely responsible for the service and its content . 
some advertising or other messaging content we provide will be based upon information provided by third parties , and we shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred by you as a result of any advertisements or other messages . 
in the event of any failure of the applications to conform to any applicable warranty , -lrb- i -rrb- you may notify the app provider and the app provider may refund the purchase price for the applications to you -lrb- if applicable -rrb- , -lrb- ii -rrb- to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law , the app provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the applications , and -lrb- iii -rrb- any other claims , losses , liabilities , damages , costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty will be , as between under armour and the app provider , under armour 's responsibility ; 
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws , we may change our prices for premium services at any time . 
by `` use '' we mean use , run , copy , publicly perform or display , distribute , modify , translate , and create derivative works of . 
we are not liable or responsible for any consequences of your having read or been told about such advice or other materials as you assume full responsibility for your decisions and actions . 
the skyscanner services and skyscanner platforms are not intended for children under 13 years of age , and no one under the age of 13 may provide any information to , on or via the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms . 
this dispute resolution provision will be governed by the federal arbitration act . 
we have the right at our sole discretion to remove any content that , we feel in our judgment does not comply with this user agreement , along with any content that we feel is otherwise offensive , harmful , objectionable , inaccurate , or violates any 3rd party copyrights or trademarks . 
the service is comprised of works owned by zynga , and it is protected by copyright , trademark , trade dress , patent and other us and non-us intellectual property and other applicable laws , rules or regulations . 
-lrb- 1 -rrb- transmit or post any content or use any language , in writing or orally , which , in the sole and absolute discretion of blizzard entertainment , is deemed to be offensive , including without limitation content or language that is unlawful , harmful , threatening , abusive , harassing , defamatory , vulgar , obscene , hateful , sexually explicit , or racially , ethnically or otherwise objectionable , nor may you use a misspelling or an alternative spelling to circumvent the content and language restrictions listed above ; 
by using any of the commercial tools , you acknowledge and agree to the terms and any additional terms and conditions applicable to those select services . 
if we disable your account for a violation of our terms , you will not create another account without our permission . 
you must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you . 
if there is any contradiction between any additional terms and these terms , then the additional terms shall take precedence only in relation to that particular element of the service . 
oculus has no responsibility or liability for user content made available through the services , and we have no obligation to screen , edit or monitor such content . 
you acknowledge that computer and telecommunications systems are not fault-free and occasional periods of downtime occur . 
from time to time , we may offer limited time promotions . 
if you have any concerns about your login details or think they have been misused , you should contact support@deliveroo.co.uk straight away to let us know . 
notice for claims of copyright violations and agent for notice 
if permissible under such court 's rules , you may bring your claim in the israeli `` small claims '' court in tel aviv . 
-lrb- v -rrb- post , display , or transmit content that is obscene , hateful , involves terrorism , or is racially , ethnically or otherwise objectionable ; or 
in addition , you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older , that you possess the legal authority to enter into this agreement and use instant booking and this site in accordance with these terms and conditions , and that all information you supply is true and accurate . 
using the services does not give you any ownership in our services or the content or information made available through our services . 
by accessing our site and placing an order you agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions and our terms of use policy . 
if you 're not in the united states , then references to `` zynga , '' `` us '' or `` we '' mean zynga game ireland limited located at 25-28 north wall quay , dublin 1 , ireland . 
you agree that , except as otherwise expressly provided in this tos , there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement . 
this eula will be governed by the laws of finland without reference to its choice of law rules . 
we may send you a reminder when your free trial is about to end , but we do not guarantee any such notifications . 
if you have questions about whether the vimeo service is appropriate for your child , please review our frequently asked questions or contact us . 
that said , we have the right , in our sole discretion , to edit , refuse to post , or remove any user content . 
other trademarks , product , and service names and company names or logos mentioned on the fitbit service are the property of their respective owners and may not be copied , imitated or used , in whole or in part , without the permission of the applicable trademark holder . 
those services have been marked beta , preview , early access , or evaluation -lrb- or with words or phrases with similar meanings -rrb- and may not be as reliable as dropbox 's other services , so please keep that in mind . 
if the aaa is not available to arbitrate , the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum . 
when creating your account , you must provide accurate and complete information . 
accordingly , for any dispute that you have against oculus , you agree to first contact oculus and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a written notice of your claim -lrb- `` notice '' -rrb- to oculus . 
11.3 you agree that you will not and you will not assist or permit any third party to : 
if you purchase a subscription through the google play store you may cancel automatic renewals in account settings under subscriptions in the google play app , or according to the current process outlined by google play . 
we assume no responsibility for such third party websites , content or mobile applications , their availability , or for any transactions made between you and such third parties . 
if you do not want to arbitrate disputes with duolingo and you are an individual , you may opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending an email to legal@duolingo.com within 30 days of the day you first access or use the service . 
to the fullest extent permitted by law , dropbox and its affiliates , suppliers and distributors make no warranties , either express or implied , about the services . 
links to third party websites or resources 
therefore , you should review these terms of use and any updated terms before using the service . 
nothing in these terms shall limit or exclude -lrb- a -rrb- our liability in respect of death or personal injury caused by our negligence or for our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation ; -lrb- b -rrb- any other liability that can not be excluded by law ; or -lrb- c -rrb- your statutory rights . 
you further represent and warrant that no us federal agency has suspended , revoked or denied your export privileges and you are not listed on the sdn list . 
nothing in the services is intended to be professional advice , including but not limited to , investment or tax advice . 
you may never use another 's account without permission . 
3.1 age requirements for the service . 
consequently , in the event of such unauthorised use , we and our affiliates and/or licensors -lrb- as applicable -rrb- shall have the right , in addition to any other legal remedies available , to seek an immediate injunction against you prohibiting any further use of the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms . 
additionally , you can not access or use the fitbit service if you are barred from receiving services under applicable law or have previously been suspended or removed from the fitbit service . 
you may need to update third party software from time to time in order to receive the service and play supercell games . 
9.1 linden lab is not liable for its users ' actions , and you release linden lab from any claims relating to other users . 
notwithstanding the aaa rules , we will reimburse you for all the aaa administrative fees in disputes that are subject to the supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes , unless the arbitrator determines that a dispute was filed for purposes of harassment or is patently frivolous . 
our services may be interrupted , including for maintenance , repairs , upgrades , or network or equipment failures . 
i. is illegal , threatening , defamatory , abusive , harassing , degrading , intimidating , fraudulent , deceptive , invasive , racist , or contains any type of suggestive , inappropriate , or explicit language ; 
you agree that these rights and licenses are royalty free , transferable , sub-licensable , worldwide and irrevocable -lrb- for so long as your content is stored with us -rrb- , and include a right for evernote to make such content available to , and pass these rights along to , others with whom evernote has contractual relationships related to the provision of the service , solely for the purpose of providing such services , and to otherwise permit access to or disclose your content to third parties if evernote determines such access is necessary to comply with its legal obligations . 
please read the agreement carefully , as it contains information concerning your legal rights and limitations on these rights , as well as a section regarding applicable law and jurisdiction of disputes . 
accordingly , you acknowledge and agree that the products and functionality of the software may vary from time to time . 
note that blizzard will not be responsible for the loss of in-game funds or items due to the character migration of either a `` buyer '' or `` seller '' to an auction house transaction . 
you consent to receive communications from us electronically , such as e-mails , texts , mobile push notices , or notices and messages on this site or through the other amazon services , such as our message center , and you can retain copies of these communications for your records . 
check with your payment method service provider for details . 
a person who purchases the gift is referred to in these terms as the `` giftor '' . 
you also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other yahoo services , affiliate services , third-party content or third-party software . 
if you do n't agree to be bound by the modified terms , then you may not use the services anymore . 
if you live outside the delivery areas , a message will appear on screen notifying you that ordering online will not be possible . 
finally , our services are not intended for and may not be used by people under the age of 13 . 
please review any additional terms the third party provided you , as microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms . 
use of the spotify service relies on several technical requirements . 
venue for legal disputes not subject to arbitration 
you must not use any third party content without first obtaining the permission of the owner of the intellectual property rights in such content . 
these terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your country of residence . 
by accessing or using the service you represent that you have reached the age of 13 years , or that you have the consent of your parent/guardian to use the service . 
you may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone , based on written submissions , or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location . 
-lrb- a -rrb- third-party services and logins 
in the event your outlook.com inbox or microsoft account is closed either by you or by microsoft pursuant to these terms , the email address or username may be recycled into our system and assigned to another user . 
we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable . 
attempt to decipher , decompile , disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software or source code comprising or making up the service ; 
you can not purchase points . 
we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission with written notice . 
applications downloaded through the office store are not governed by the salt and have separate license terms that apply . 
the services are intended to provide you with information to encourage you to support your wellness and fitness activities . 
we are also not responsible for any damage , loss or offense caused or alleged to be caused by , or in connection with , the use of or reliance on such websites or services . 
to access and use certain features of the services , you may be required to register for an account . 
you agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your relationship with instagram must be filed within one year after such claim arose ; otherwise , your claim is permanently barred . 
we do not in any way exclude or limit our liability for : intent or gross negligence ; death or personal injury ; fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation ; any breach of the terms implied by law relating to our title to the nintendo intellectual property ; any breach of the terms implied by law relating to the description , satisfactory quality and fitness for purpose of products which may be offered via the nintendo account service ; and product liability . 
• you are responsible for the accuracy and content of the listing and item offered . 
misrepresent your identity -lrb- e.g. by using a pseudonym -rrb- , your current or previous positions , qualifications or affiliations with a person or entity ; 
further , you will not : 
a target character 's ignore list will not transfer to a target server . 
this website is provided solely to assist customers in gathering travel information , posting opinions of travel related issues , engaging in interactive travel forums , and searching for and booking travel reservations , and for no other purposes . 
the foregoing disclaimer of certain damages and limitation of liability will apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law . 
20.3 binding arbitration and class action waiver for united states accounts . 
prices will vary between menus . 
for paid subscriptions , you must be age of majority in your province or territory of residence , or 13 or older with parent or guardian consent . 
unless the local law where you are located requires otherwise , we are not required to provide refunds , benefits or other compensation if you request deletion of your account . 
-lrb- b -rrb- undertake , cause , permit or authorise the modification , creation of derivative works or improvements , translation , reverse engineering , decompiling , disassembling , decryption , emulation , hacking , discovery or attempted discovery of the source code or protocols of the software or any part or features thereof -lrb- except to the extent permitted by law -rrb- ; 
1.2 as the provider of the airbnb platform , airbnb does not own , create , sell , resell , provide , control , manage , offer , deliver , or supply any listings or host services . 
dispute , for purposes of paragraph 20.3 , means any dispute , action , or other controversy whether in contract , warranty , tort , statute , regulation , ordinance , or any other legal or equitable basis . 
you and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in king county , washington , for all disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the services that are heard in court -lrb- excluding arbitration and small claims court -rrb- . 
binding arbitration of all disputes ; no class relief . 
if you collect information from users , you will : obtain their consent , make it clear you -lrb- and not facebook -rrb- are the one collecting their information , and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it . 
for information about how to contact google , please visit our contact page . 
we may suspend or terminate your account or cease providing you with all or part of the services at any time for any or no reason , including , but not limited to , if we reasonably believe : -lrb- i -rrb- you have violated these terms or the twitter rules , -lrb- ii -rrb- you create risk or possible legal exposure for us ; -lrb- iii -rrb- your account should be removed due to prolonged inactivity ; or -lrb- iv -rrb- our provision of the services to you is no longer commercially viable . 
unless otherwise specified in these terms , all third party account content , if any , will be considered to be member content for all purposes of these terms . 
if you decide to cancel your account , oculus reserves the right , subject to any limitations under applicable laws , to collect fees , surcharges or costs incurred before cancellation . 
these terms & conditions -lrb- these `` terms '' -rrb- contain the terms and conditions on which we supply content , products or services listed on www.headspace.com -lrb- the `` website '' -rrb- , through our applications -lrb- the `` apps '' -rrb- or via other delivery methods to you -lrb- the website and such content , products , services and the apps are collectively referred to herein as the `` product '' or `` products '' , which may be updated from time-to-time at the sole discretion of headspace -rrb- . 
all copyright , trade marks and all other intellectual property rights in the website and its content -lrb- including without limitation the website design , text , graphics and all software and source codes connected with the website -rrb- are owned by or licensed to betterpoints.uk or otherwise used by betterpoints.uk as permitted by law . 
owners of copyrighted works in the united states who believe that their rights under copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the us digital millennium copyright act of 1998 -lrb- the `` dmca '' -rrb- to report alleged infringements . 
use of the services in violation of the limited license granted hereunder will result in the termination of this license and may expose you to claims for damages . 
the services are protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties , as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties . 
if you download our applications from a third-party app store -lrb- the `` app provider '' -rrb- , you acknowledge and agree that : 
should the service prove defective , the licensee assumes the entire cost of all necessary servicing , repair or correction . 
if messages sent to the e-mail address you provide are returned as undeliverable , then the company may terminate your account immediately without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party . 
linkedin generally does not review content provided by our members or others . 
your stuff and you must comply with our acceptable use policy . 
we reserve the right to terminate any player 's access to the service if we determine that the player is a `` repeat infringer . '' 
however , other members and/or visitors may access and share your content and information , consistent with your choices . 
updated : september 28 , 2017 
the service allows users to access and use a variety of educational services , including learning or practicing a language , taking examinations in the duolingo english test , and creating and viewing flashcards on the tinycards app . 
we can not always prevent this misuse of our services , and you agree that we are not responsible for any such misuse . 
we 've recently updated our : -lrb- 1 -rrb- terms of service , -lrb- 2 -rrb- payments terms of service , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- privacy policy -lrb- collectively , `` terms '' -rrb- . 
as an alternative , you may bring your claim in your local `` small claims '' court , if permitted by that small claims court 's rules . 
if you cancel your subscription , you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term , and your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires . 
upon termination of your accounts , this agreement between us will be automatically terminated and you may not re-subscribe or return to the service through other or future accounts you or others may set up . 
by providing your payment details in conjunction with the trial , you agree to this charge using such payment details . 
the permission to use catalog content is subject to modification or revocation at any time at ebay 's sole discretion . 
once we have reminded you that you elected to automatically renew the services , we may automatically renew your services at the end of the current service period and charge you the then current price for the renewal term , unless you have chosen to cancel the services as described below . 
skype reserves all rights not expressly granted in the skype websites . 
gaining unauthorised access to any of nintendo 's computers , hardware , equipment , servers or networks used to support the nintendo account service ; hosting , intercepting , emulating , reverse engineering any part of the nintendo account service or redirecting the communication protocols used by nintendo as part of the nintendo account service , regardless of the method used to do so ; 
you are not permitted to and shall not register or use any trade name , trademark , logo , domain name or any other name or sign that incorporates any of skype 's intellectual property -lrb- in whole or part -rrb- or that is confusingly similar thereto . 
masquerade 's license to you . 
nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties . 
these terms will be governed by california law except for its conflicts of laws principles . 
2.1 linden lab owns intellectual property rights in the service and the linden marks . 
6.2 you agree that you will not post or transmit content or code that may be harmful , impede other users ' functionality , invade other users ' privacy , or surreptitiously or negatively impact any system or network . 
you and youtube agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of england to resolve any legal matter arising from the terms . 
we 'll try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting you via email . 
microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the microsoft account management website , where you can view and print your statement . 
if you believe that any content on the airbnb platform infringes copyrights you own , please notify us in accordance with our copyright policy . 
you and oculus agree that any dispute must be commenced or filed within one year after such claim arose ; otherwise , the dispute is permanently barred . 
spam , solicit money from or defraud any users . 
the digital goods are only for your personal , noncommercial entertainment use . 
this indemnification only applies to credit card reservations made using booking.com 's secure server and the unauthorised use of your credit card resulted through our default or negligence and through no fault of your own while using the secure server . 
this eula governs your use of software and services -lrb- as specified below -rrb- . 
you may not authorize third parties to use your account , and you may not allow persons under the age of 18 to receive transportation or logistics services from third party providers unless they are accompanied by you . 
subscriber shall provide 9gag , inc with accurate , complete , and updated registration information , including subscriber 's e-mail address . 
tpci requires the parent to verify that he or she is the parent of the child and to consent to the creation of an account with us for the child . 
the yahoo services and software are provided on an `` as is '' and `` as available '' basis . 
the express waiver by supercell of any provision , condition , or requirement of these terms of service or the supercell privacy policy shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision , condition or requirement . 
you will not transfer any of your rights or obligations under this statement to anyone else without our consent . 
certain types of host services may be prohibited altogether . 
notification of changes in this agreement will be posted on the service or sent via electronic mail , as we may determine in our sole discretion . 
13.3 the limitations on youtube 's liability to you in paragraph 13.2 above shall apply whether or not youtube has been advised of or should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising . 
8.3.2 before and during an experience , event or other host service you must at all times adhere to the hosts ' instructions . 
barring extraordinary circumstances , the arbitrator will issue his or her decision within 120 days from the date the arbitrator is appointed . 
you may use the amazon services only as permitted by law . 
you acknowledge that breaching travel provider terms could result in the cancellation of tickets or reservations , revocation of frequent flier miles and other benefits , and additional charges . 
if you are a masquerade user located in the united states or canada , the `` special arbitration provision for the united states or canada users '' section below applies to you . 
you shall not create an account or access the service if you are under the age of 13 ; you shall restrict use by minors , and you will deny access to children under the age of 13 . 
you understand that all information , data , text , software , music , sound , photographs , graphics , video , messages , tags , or other materials -lrb- `` content '' -rrb- , whether publicly posted or privately transmitted , are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated . 
tinder does not take part in dispute settlement procedures in front of a consumer arbitration entity for users residing in the eu or european economic area . 
all claims you bring against the company must be resolved in accordance with this dispute resolution section . 
if the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in the arbitration is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose -lrb- as measured by the standards set forth in federal rule of civil procedure 11 -lrb- b -rrb- -rrb- , then the payment of all fees will be governed by the aaa rules . 
you must not defame , stalk , bully , abuse , harass , threaten , impersonate or intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or confidential information via the service , including , without limitation , your or any other person 's credit card information , social security or alternate national identity numbers , non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses . 
although tripadvisor members may rate and review particular properties based on their own experiences , tripadvisor does not endorse or recommend the products or services of any third-party suppliers . 
if you buy any of our paid services -lrb- `` premium services '' -rrb- , you agree to pay us the applicable fees and taxes and to additional terms specific to the paid services . 
linden lab reserves the right , at its sole discretion , to manage and control the number of accounts that you may establish and maintain . 
you will not post or transmit in any manner any contact information including , but not limited to , email addresses , `` instant messenger '' nicknames , telephone numbers , postal addresses , urls , or full names through your publicly posted information . 
linden lab may assign this agreement , in whole or in part , and all related rights , licenses , benefits and obligations , without restriction , including the right to sublicense any rights and licenses under this agreement . 
if any provision of these terms of use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable , the parties nevertheless agree that such portion will be deemed severable from these terms of use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions , and the remaining provisions of the terms of use remain in full force and effect . 
we may , in our sole discretion , terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the service at any time , with or without notice , for any reason , including , without limitation , breach of this agreement . 
all disputes or claims arising out of or relating to these terms of use shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the english courts to which the parties irrevocably submit . 
-lrb- g -rrb- you will not engage in any automated use of the system , such as using scripts to alter our content . 
your use of this service is at your own risk . 
academia.edu reserves the right , at any time and without prior notice , to remove or disable access to any collective content , including , but not limited to , collective content that academia.edu , at its sole discretion , considers to be in violation of these terms or otherwise harmful to the site or services . 
note that each owner of intellectual property is responsible for protecting their rights and taking any legal or other action they determine to be appropriate to do so , and evernote does not accept any obligation to take any particular action to enforce or protect any party 's intellectual property rights on their behalf . 
if any symptoms persist longer than 2-3 days after removing the device , consult your doctor . 
welcome to the tripadvisor website or mobile properties , including related applications -lrb- collectively , this `` website '' -rrb- . 
9gag , inc may assign this agreement in whole or in part at any time without subscriber 's consent . 
if you wish to make any use of material on or in the products other than that set out above , please address your request to help@headspace.com . 
the services may contain advertisements . 
to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law tripadvisor hereby disclaims all warranties and conditions with regard to this information , software , products , and services , including all implied warranties and conditions or terms of any kind as to merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , title , quiet possession and noninfringement . 
all other trademarks not owned by amazon that appear in any amazon service are the property of their respective owners , who may or may not be affiliated with , connected to , or sponsored by amazon . 
we may accept various forms of payment , including credit and debit cards , and payments made through paypal and facebook payments . 
you must -lrb- i -rrb- obtain a world of warcraft authorization code from blizzard -lrb- usually found in a ` box ' copy of world of warcraft or purchased through battle.net -rrb- , -lrb- ii -rrb- register for and log in using an authorized battle.net account -lrb- the `` account '' -rrb- to play world of warcraft and -lrb- iii -rrb- agree to the terms of use , the eula and the bnet tou . 
4.1 in order to access some features of the website or other elements of the service , you will have to create a youtube account . 
the terms of sale are incorporated into and made a part of these terms . 
so these limitations/exclusions may not apply to you if you reside in one of those states or countries . 
invite people you do not know to join your network ; 
the place of both mediation and arbitration shall be amsterdam , the netherlands , without prejudice to any rights you may have under article 18 of the brussels i bis regulation -lrb- oj eu 2012 l351/1 -rrb- and/or article 6:236 n of the dutch civil code . 
the failure of crowdtangle to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the terms of service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision . 
we make no warranties or representations , express or implied , as to the timeliness , accuracy , quality , completeness or existence of the content and information posted on the products . 
you acknowledge that this termination will not apply to any other copies or instances of the same content that you have not specifically deleted from the service , including without limitation those that may be displayed elsewhere through the service and those that may be in the account inventories of other users to whom you transferred copies . 
we may review your conduct and content for compliance with these terms and our acceptable use policy . 
no advice or information whether oral or in writing obtained by you from spotify shall create any warranty on behalf of spotify in this regard . 
you are granted a limited , non-exclusive right to create text hyperlinks to our websites for non-commercial purposes ; however , you may not use our logos or other proprietary graphics to link to our sites without our express written permission . 
vivino has no obligation to monitor the site , service , content , or user submissions . 
the limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between academia.edu and you . 
if your viber account is deactivated , your viber credit will be lost . 
to learn more about the commercial tools , please visit https://developer.underarmour.com/ . 
where permissible under the law , viber has the right to terminate your rights under our service without notice . 
all other trademarks , service marks , logos , trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners and may not be used without permission of the applicable trademark holder . 
in-game mail sent by or in transit to the character that you intend to migrate will not be migrated to a target server . 
by creating an account and using the service , you represent and warrant that : 
if we can not resolve a dispute within sixty -lrb- 60 -rrb- days of receipt of such notice , then either you or we may elect to submit the dispute to formal arbitration as hereinafter described . 
24 choice of law , mandatory arbitration and venue 
this website is owned and operated by atlas solutions group inc. . 
vivino may , in its sole discretion , refuse to offer the service to any person or entity and change its eligibility criteria at any time . 
the services may allow you to access or acquire products , services , websites , links , content , material , games or applications from third parties -lrb- companies or people who are n't microsoft -rrb- -lrb- `` third-party apps and services '' -rrb- . 
we reserve the right , but are not obligated , to remove or disable access to any content , at any time and without notice , including but not limited to , if we , at our sole discretion , consider any content to be objectionable or in violation of these terms . 
in these terms , the words `` including '' and `` include '' mean `` including , but not limited to . '' 
16.4 you represent and warrant that you do not live in a us export-embargoed country or a country designated as a `` terrorist supporting '' country by the united states government , and that you are not on the list of people barred or excluded from the united states . 
certain designated support companies render limited customer care support services -lrb- only by telephone -rrb- . 
registered users of our services are `` members '' and unregistered users are `` visitors '' . 
we may modify these terms or any additional terms that apply to a service to , for example , reflect changes to the law or changes to our services . 
all purchases and redemptions of virtual items made through the service are final and non-refundable . 
skyscanner is not a travel agentand is not responsible for providing any travel options displayed via the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms or for setting or controlling the prices we display . 
the instagram name and logo are trademarks of instagram , and may not be copied , imitated or used , in whole or in part , without the prior written permission of instagram , except in accordance with our brand guidelines , available here : https://www.instagram-brand.com/ . 
your account and its content may be deleted if your subscription is not renewed . 
the tripadvisor media group companies have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay , cancellation , overbooking , strike , force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control , and they have no responsibility for any additional expense , omissions , delays , re-routing or acts of any government or authority . 
restrictions on use of the service . 
in the event you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security , including without limitation any loss , theft , or unauthorized disclosure of the login information , you must immediately notify supercell and modify your login information . 
public chats are conversations held between groups of participants who have a common interest or affiliation , and are chatting amongst themselves , on viber , while any viber user choosing to follow such public chat -lrb- `` viber public chat '' -rrb- publically views the chat . 
this email address may be updated as part of any update to these terms of service . 
i. circumvent or bypass any technological protection measures in or relating to the software or services ; 
spain must be 14 or older to use free service . 
in addition , we may need to automatically update some of the software that you obtain through the services or provide you with new software to keep the services functioning properly , which could include bug fixes , patches , enhanced features , missing plug-ins and new versions . 
brazil laws of brazil exclusive ; state and federal courts of são paulo , state of são paulo , brazil 
the arbitration will be presided over by a single arbitrator selected in accordance with the aaa rules . 
you 'll honor your payment obligations and you are okay with us storing your payment information . 
the arbitrator , oculus and you shall maintain the confidentiality of any proceedings , including , but not limited to , any and all information gathered , prepared and presented for the purposes of the arbitration or related to the dispute -lrb- s -rrb- therein . 
if we owe you a payment , then you agree to timely and accurately provide us with any information we need to get that payment to you . 
all content and materials available on atlassolutionsgroup.com , including but not limited to text , graphics , website name , code , images and logos are the intellectual property of atlas solutions group inc. , and are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law . 
skype is committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information . 
if you wish to send a notice of intellectual property infringement , including claims of copyright infringement , please use our procedures for submitting notices of infringement . 
you use the spotify service at your own risk . 
you are not permitted to use any skype credit on or after the date of its expiry . 
to the maximum extent permitted by law , evernote expressly disclaims all warranties and conditions of any kind , whether express or implied , including , but not limited to the implied warranties and conditions of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement . 
please see section 4 -lrb- a -rrb- -lrb- iv -rrb- -lrb- 2 -rrb- for the consequences of a closed microsoft account . 
the licensee 's rights under the license shall terminate automatically without notice from the licensor if the licensee fails to comply with any term or condition of these terms of use . 
please see www.copyright.gov or www.chillingeffects.org/copyright for more information about how to prepare or respond to a dmca notice . 
-lrb- d -rrb- our `` yearly '' and `` two year '' subscriptions are paid for by an upfront one-off payment with automatic annual or two year renewals respectively . 
our services and materials incorporated by viber on our services -lrb- `` material '' -rrb- are protected by copyrights , patents , trade secrets or other proprietary rights -lrb- `` copyrights '' -rrb- . 
4.1 you must register an account -lrb- `` airbnb account '' -rrb- to access and use certain features of the airbnb platform , such as publishing or booking a listing . 
cortana provides information for your planning purposes only and you should exercise your own independent judgment when reviewing and relying on this information . 
• what we use that information for ; and 
spotify provides streaming services offering a selection of music and other content . 
academia.edu reserves the right to revoke your access to and use of the site , services and collective content at any time , with or without cause . 
if you and ebay are unable to resolve the claims described in the notice within 30 days after the notice is sent , you or ebay may initiate arbitration proceedings . 
-lrb- e -rrb- third-party services , activities , and events 
we prohibit crawling , scraping , caching or otherwise accessing any content on the service via automated means , including but not limited to , user profiles and photos -lrb- except as may be the result of standard search engine protocols or technologies used by a search engine with instagram 's express consent -rrb- . 
you agree to promptly update your account and other information , including your email address and payment method details , so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed in connection with your transactions . 
the user agreement , the user privacy notice , and all polices posted through our services set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and ebay , and supersede all prior understandings and agreements of the parties . 
5.13 linking you may link to the skype website from another website owned by you , provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it . 
your right to terminate this agreement at any time remains unaffected . 
harm to whatsapp or our users . 
character migrations can only occur when the account that you utilize to play world of warcraft is not in use . 
you may have other statutory rights . 
copyright , trademark and other laws of the united states and foreign countries protect the service and the linden marks . 
the following restrictions apply to the use of the service : 
while we 're not required to do so , we may access , review , screen , and delete your content at any time and for any reason , including if we think your content violates these terms . 
this license does not include any resale or commercial use of any amazon service , or its contents ; any collection and use of any product listings , descriptions , or prices ; any derivative use of any amazon service or its contents ; any downloading , copying , or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party ; or any use of data mining , robots , or similar data gathering and extraction tools . 
these third party applications may have their own terms and conditions of use and privacy policies and your use of these third party applications will be governed by and subject to such terms and conditions and privacy policies . 
supercell may publish additional policies related to specific services such as forums , contests or loyalty programs . 
for turkish users shopping on http://www.underarmour.com.tr , only those terms and conditions agreed to by such users that are valid under turkish law will apply . 
we always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about masquerade and our services , but you understand that we may use your feedback or suggestions without any obligation to compensate you for them -lrb- just as you have no obligation to offer them -rrb- . 
you will cooperate as fully as required by us in the defense or settlement of any claim . 
features and prices are subject to change . 
changes to the fair usage policies and/or additional terms will be posted on the applicable skype website . 
• infringe any intellectual property rights that belong to third parties affected by your use of the services or post content that does not belongs to you ; 
-lrb- c -rrb- business interruption , 
the support companies do not have any platform -lrb- and do not in any way control , manage , maintain or host the platform -rrb- . 
additionally , you agree not to : 
if you are a resident of south korea : notwithstanding anything in these terms to the contrary , nothing in these terms limits your rights to bring an action against under armour in the local courts of your place of domicile . 
if you reside in the united states or canada , then the other party to this contract is evernote corporation , a corporation headquartered in california . 
you hereby agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity , or consolidated claims involving another person 's account in the service , if the company is a party to the proceeding . 
`` gift subscriptions '' are pre-paid memberships to the products . 
you must complete the opt-out notice form by providing the information called for in the form , including your name , address -lrb- including street address , city , state and zip code -rrb- , and the user id -lrb- s -rrb- and email address -lrb- es -rrb- associated with the ebay account -lrb- s -rrb- to which the opt-out applies . 
but there are certain things that we do n't promise about our services . 
crowdtangle , in its sole discretion , has the right to suspend , terminate or restrict your access to the services , or any other crowdtangle service , for any reason and at any time . 
in such event , the licenses granted by you in this section 2 shall terminate in the manner provided below , but only for those particular copies or instances of content that you have deleted from the service . 
certain specific terms that apply only for german users are available here . 
if we fail to enforce any of our terms , it will not be considered a waiver . 
those who choose to access the tripadvisor website from outside of the united states do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws , if and to the extent that local laws are applicable . 
by posting or uploading any user content to viber , you specifically grant us the a non-exclusive , transferable , sub-licensable , royalty-free , worldwide license to use any intellectual property rights for the content that you share publicly on or in connection with our service . 
-lrb- note that if you were a service user prior to december 4 , 2012 and formally elected to opt out of the arbitration agreement pursuant to the procedures set out in our terms of service that were effective as of december 4 , 2012 , you are not subject to this arbitration agreement . -rrb- 
engage in any act that supercell deems to be in conflict with the spirit or intent of the service or make improper use of supercell 's support services . 
masquerade reserves the right to change , suspend , remove , discontinue , impose limits on , or disable access to the services or any portions thereof or your use thereof . 
storage limits are calculated based upon source files . 
this contract applies to both . 
please read these guidelines carefully which form part of the terms . 
it is provided on an `` as is '' basis . 
encourage or promote any activity that violates this agreement . 
your use of the website , service , content and add-to link is solely at your own risk . 
all rights not expressly granted to you are reserved to crowdtangle and its licensors . 
no agency , partnership , joint venture , or employment is created as a result of this agreement and subscriber does not have any authority of any kind to bind 9gag , inc in any respect whatsoever . 
in such cases , you may be required to expressly consent to product-specific terms . 
the company retains all rights , titles and ownerships in and of the service or any part thereof , including without limitation , the design and layout of the service , all contents of the service -lrb- excluding user submissions -rrb- , copyrights , patents , trademarks , service marks and logos , database , registered or not -lrb- the `` materials '' -rrb- , except as expressly excluded in this agreement . 
our services are not intended for distribution to or use in any country where such distribution or use would violate local law or would subject us to any regulations in another country . 
if you use our applications , your standard data and messaging rates will apply , and the rules of the app store from which you are downloading will also apply . 
in order to use the spotify service and access the content , you need to -lrb- 1 -rrb- be 18 or older , or be 13 or older and have your parent or guardian 's consent to the agreements -lrb- except as set forth in the chart below -rrb- , -lrb- 2 -rrb- have the power to enter a binding contract with us and not be barred from doing so under any applicable laws , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- be resident in a country where the service is available . 
the viber credit that you purchase will be applied to your user account at the time of purchase . 
if you violate the community guidelines , we reserve the right to terminate your access to the services . 
5.4 youtube is constantly innovating in order to provide the best possible experience for its users . 
in case of a serious violation of this agreement , blizzard entertainment will be entitled to immediately terminate this agreement without any prior warning . 
please keep in mind that when you make something publicly available on the internet , it becomes practically impossible to take down all copies of it in the future . 
overlaying or otherwise modifying the services or their appearance ; 
-lrb- 1 -rrb- blizzard entertainment expressly reserves the exclusive right to create derivative works based on world of warcraft . 
-lrb- f -rrb- any other commercial damages or losses 
where permitted under the applicable law , you and spotify agree that each may bring claims against the other only in your or its individual capacity and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action . 
call charges will be deducted from your skype credit balance . 
you and yahoo agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the county of santa clara , california or the northern district of california , and agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over the parties by such courts and to venue in such courts . 
this payment structure is intended to fully compensate the third party provider for the services or goods provided . 
the fees we charge for using our services are listed on our standard selling fees page . 
in our sole discretion , we may assign this user agreement , and in such event , we will post notice on www.ebay.com . 
you may only use the software through your user account . 
to the extent permitted by law , and with the exception of section 8 -lrb- which will be construed in accordance with the faa and new york law -rrb- , these terms shall be governed by , construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the state of new york , as they are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within new york . 
you ca n't make changes to the terms , community rules , feature terms , or privacy policy unless both you and zynga sign a written amendment . 
nintendo neither becomes a party nor participates in any other way in any contract you may conclude with a third party through third-party services . 
we may also reduce the payment to you without notice to adjust for any previous overpayment . 
a party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written demand for arbitration as specified in the aaa rules . 
please be advised that nutritional information found in the food database has not been reviewed by persons with the expertise required to provide you with complete , accurate , or reliable information . 
the laws of england and wales govern these terms and any claims and disputes -lrb- whether contractual or otherwise -rrb- arising out of or relating to these terms or their subject matter . 
license to vimeo : as between you and vimeo , you own the video content -lrb- `` videos '' -rrb- that you submit to the vimeo service . 
we do not use what you say in email , chat , video calls or voice mail , or your documents , photos or other personal files to target advertising to you . 
you further acknowledge that yahoo reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time . 
if , despite our policy , you choose to send us content , information , ideas , suggestions , or other materials , you further agree that instagram is free to use any such content , information , ideas , suggestions or other materials , for any purposes whatsoever , including , without limitation , developing and marketing products and services , without any liability or payment of any kind to you . 
all subscription services provide access through the products . 
do not impersonate any person or entity , and/or falsely claim an affiliation with any person or entity . 
notwithstanding the foregoing , each party shall have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator . 
e. you agree not to use the service -lrb- including the youtube player -rrb- for any of the following commercial uses unless you obtain youtube 's prior written approval : 
this agreement is void where prohibited by law , and the right to access the site is revoked in such jurisdictions . 
this means that we do not represent or warrant to you that : 
code § 1789.3 , you may report complaints to the complaint assistance unit of the division of consumer services of the california department of consumer affairs by contacting them in writing at 400 r street , sacramento , ca 95814 , or by telephone at -lrb-800-rrb- 952-5210 . 
if you are a resident of the united states or any country other than france or germany : to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law , you agree to indemnify and hold under armour , its subsidiaries , suppliers and other partners harmless from any claim or demand , including reasonable accounting and attorneys ' fees , made by any third party due to or arising out of -lrb- a -rrb- the user-generated content you access or share through the services ; -lrb- b -rrb- your use of the services , -lrb- c -rrb- your athletic activities in connection with the services -lrb- including , but not limited to , athletic activities in connection with any contests , races , group activities , third-party activities or other events that we may sponsor , organize , participate in , or where the services are employed -rrb- , -lrb- d -rrb- your connection to the services , -lrb- e -rrb- your violation of these terms , -lrb- f -rrb- your use or misuse of any athlete 's personal data and location data , -lrb- g -rrb- any violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you , or -lrb- h -rrb- your employment of the services to meet another athlete in person or to locate and attend any offline place or event . 
supercell may manage , regulate , control , modify or eliminate virtual items and/or merchandise at any time , with or without notice . 
click here to see a non-exhaustive list of amazon trademarks . 
blizzard entertainment does not recognize the transfer of accounts , and any unauthorized transfer of the world of warcraft software will result in the permanent deletion of the account attached to that software . 
upon termination , you will remain liable for any unpaid amounts owed by you to linden lab . 
in the service you may use `` real world '' money to obtain a limited license to use virtual items and/or other goods or services . 
by using the services you consent to the collection , use , and sharing of such personal data -lrb- as set forth in the privacy policy , including the transfer of this personal data to the united states and/or other countries for storage , processing , and use by under armour . 
by using or accessing the services , you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this agreement . 
if you are accepting these terms and using the services on behalf of a company , organization , government , or other legal entity , you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so . 
if a party properly submits the dispute to the aaa for formal arbitration and the aaa is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within sixty -lrb- 60 -rrb- days of the filing of a `` demand for arbitration , '' then either party can elect to have the arbitration administered by the judicial arbitration and mediation services inc. -lrb- `` jams '' -rrb- using jams ' streamlined arbitration rules and procedures , or by any other arbitration administration service that you and a legal officer of linden lab consent to in writing , except , as noted above , that in no event shall the arbitration proceed as a class or representative action . 
you acknowledge that when you receive a user content license you receive only licensing and use rights ; therefore , you do not acquire ownership of any copies of the content , or transfer of any copyright or other intellectual property rights in the content . 
by agreeing to become a member you opt-in to receiving occasional special offer , marketing , survey and product based communication emails . 
upon termination by truecaller without cause , you will be refunded any unused prepaid fees upon your written request , provided a receipt of such fees and a clear payment instruction are included in your request . 
world of warcraft rules of conduct . 
if you live in the european union : you agree that the laws of ireland , excluding conflict of laws rules , shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and/or the services . 
truecaller may terminate the terms and your use of the services at any time with thirty -lrb- 30 -rrb- days ' advance notice . 
subject to your compliance with these terms , niantic grants you a personal , noncommercial , nonexclusive , nontransferable , non-sublicensable , revocable license to download , view , display , and use the content solely in connection with your permitted use of the services . 
last updated : 1 january 2017 
you can find information about payments , credits and refunds in our payments policy . 
it is your entire responsibility to secure an internet connection and all fees related thereto shall be at your own charge . 
if you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses , to the extent provided under applicable law . 
they are not intended to be relied upon and are not a substitute for professional medical advice based on your individual condition and circumstances . 
such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only . 
10.2 viber reserves the right to refuse a refund request if it reasonably believes or suspects -lrb- i -rrb- that you are trying to unfairly exploit this refund policy , for example , by making repetitive refund requests in respect of the same product or feature ; -lrb- ii -rrb- that you are in breach of the terms of this license ; -lrb- iii -rrb- that you are using any of our products fraudulently or that your user account is being used by a third party fraudulently ; or -lrb- iv -rrb- that you purchased your credit through a third party service and the terms of such third party do not allow such refund . 
you can review the most current version of the tos at any time at : https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/terms/utos/index.html . 
upon linden lab 's request , you will furnish us with any documentation necessary to substantiate these rights and verify your compliance with this agreement or any additional terms . 
instagram 's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right . 
the arbitration shall be conducted in helsinki , finland , in the english language . 
the copyright act provides that : 
our platform does not constitute and should not be regarded as a recommendation or endorsement of the quality , service level , qualification or -lrb- star -rrb- rating of any supplier -lrb- or its facilities , venue , products or services -rrb- made available . 
reactivated skype credit is not refundable . 
our services may allow you to access , use or interact with websites , apps , content or other products and services provided by facebook and other facebook affiliates -lrb- collectively `` facebook companies '' -rrb- , or third parties -lrb- `` third-party services '' -rrb- . 
we require that information posted by members be accurate and not in violation of the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties . 
the spotify services that may be accessed after payment are currently referred to as the `` premium service '' and the `` unlimited service '' -lrb- together , the `` paid subscriptions '' -rrb- . 
© 2013 morningstar , inc. . 
the maintenance and security of this equipment may influence the performance of the fitbit service and it is your responsibility to ensure the equipment 's functionality . 
in addition , to the extent permitted by applicable law , we -lrb- including our parent , subsidiaries , and affiliates , and our and their officers , directors , agents and employees -rrb- are not liable , and you agree not to hold us responsible , for any damages or losses -lrb- including , but not limited to , loss of money , goodwill or reputation , profits , other intangible losses , or any special , indirect , or consequential damages -rrb- resulting directly or indirectly from : the content you provide -lrb- directly or indirectly -rrb- using the services ; your use of or your inability to use our services ; pricing , shipping , format , or other guidance provided by ebay ; delays or disruptions in our services ; viruses or other malicious software obtained by accessing or linking to our services ; glitches , bugs , errors , or inaccuracies of any kind in our services ; damage to your hardware device from the use of any ebay service ; the content , actions , or inactions of third parties , including items listed using our services or the destruction of allegedly fake items ; a suspension or other action taken with respect to your account or breach of the abusing ebay section above ; the duration or manner in which your listings appear in search results as set out in the listing conditions section above ; or your need to modify practices , content , or behavior , or your loss of or inability to do business , as a result of changes to this user agreement or our policies . 
• item 's location , listing format , price and shipping cost , terms of service , end time , history , and relevance to the user query ; 
the netflix software is developed by , or for , netflix and is designed to enable viewing of netflix content through netflix ready devices . 
special arbitration provision for the united states or canada users 
interfere with or disrupt the yahoo services or servers or networks connected to the yahoo services , or disobey any requirements , procedures , policies or regulations of networks connected to the yahoo services , including using any device , software or routine to bypass our robot exclusion headers ; 
supercell assumes no responsibility for the conduct of any user submitting any user content , and assumes no responsibility for monitoring the service for inappropriate content or conduct . 
neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice will act to modify the terms of use . 
we are not liable for any claim relating to any content , goods and/or services of third parties . 
zynga and any zynga affiliate disclaim any warranties of title or implied warranties , conditions or other terms of non-infringement , merchantability , quiet enjoyment or fitness for a particular purpose . 
many of our services allow you to store or share your content or receive material from others . 
always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition , diet , fitness , or wellness program . 
unless otherwise specified in these term of use , all notices under these terms of use will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received , if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail , return receipt requested ; when receipt is electronically confirmed , if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail ; or the day after it is sent , if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service . 
you are strongly urged to take measures to preserve copies of any data , material , content or information you post or upload on the site . 
the licensee understands that certain risks are inherent in all physical activities , and the licensee assumes sole responsibility for any change in his or her behavior . 
if enabled , your skype credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by your chosen payment method every time your skype account balance goes below the threshold set by skype from time to time . 
failure to pay these fees will result in the termination of your paid services . 
please note that the supplier , not tripadvisor , processes your payment and fulfills your reservation . 
should either party file a claim contrary to the dispute resolution section , the other party may recover attorneys ' fees and costs up to one thousand u.s. dollars -lrb- $ 1,000.00 usd -rrb- , provided that such party seeking such fees has notified the other in writing of the improperly filed claim , and the other has failed to promptly withdraw the claim . 
you will be deemed to have accepted such changes by continuing to use the rovio services . 
ebay does not control the privacy policies of pitney bowes inc. , its affiliates , or its service providers , and you are subject to the privacy policies of those parties , as applicable . 
the oculus parties shall have no liability for any lost profits or other consequential , special , punitive , indirect or incidental damages , arising from or related to your use or inability to use the services , even if an oculus party has been advised of the possibility of such damages . 
please do n't copy , upload , download or share content unless you have the right to do so . 
you further acknowledge that you have no right to have access to any aspect of the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms in source-code form . 
while we require all of our athletes to comply with the community guidelines and reserve the right to monitor for violations , we ultimately can not guarantee they will comply with the community guidelines or these terms . 
we may decide to discontinue the services in response to unforeseen circumstances beyond dropbox 's control or to comply with a legal requirement . 
by using under armour 's products and services , you are agreeing to all the terms below . 
except for certain software or portions of the websites which linden lab allows users to access without registration , you must establish an account with linden lab to use the service . 
in the event you read these terms in any language other than english , you agree that in the event of any discrepancies , the english version shall prevail . 
every reasonable step will be taken by 9gag , inc to minimize such disruption where it is within 9gag , inc 's reasonable control . 
nintendo account services may offer access to shopping services operated by third parties . 
-lrb- a -rrb- you authorise your mobile phone carrier to charge appropriate fees directly to your mobile phone bill ; and 
by visiting our website and accessing the information , resources , services , products , and tools we provide for you , either directly or indirectly -lrb- hereafter referred to as ` resources ' -rrb- , you agree to use these resources only for the purposes intended as permitted by -lrb- a -rrb- the terms of this user agreement , and -lrb- b -rrb- applicable laws , regulations and generally accepted online practices or guidelines . 
currency exchange settlements and foreign transaction fees , if any , are based on your agreement with your payment method provider . 
notice and procedure for making claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringements . 
your privacy is very important to us . 
-lrb- d -rrb- tamper with the products or circumvent any technology used by headspace or its licensors to protect any content accessible through the products ; 
the app permits the purchase of virtual currency -lrb- `` virtual money '' -rrb- and use of that virtual money to purchase virtual items or services that we expressly make available for use in the app -lrb- `` virtual goods '' -rrb- . 
in this case , the nintendo network agreement and nintendo network privacy policy you accepted when registering a nintendo network id apply to your download and use of the digital product . 
ebay may share your telephone number with its authorized service providers as stated in our user privacy notice . 
we will also remind you that we will bill your chosen payment method for the services renewal , whether it was on file on the renewal date or provided later . 
games , applications , software , services , portals , data and other content offered via the nintendo account service may differ from country to country . 
we reserve the right to charge for excessive use of bandwidth where plays occur on third-party sites and applications outside the native vimeo player or apps . 
you must be at least 14 to use under armour shopping . 
if you rate or review an application in the store , you may receive email from microsoft containing content from the publisher of the application . 
apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the apps or your possession and/or use of the apps , including , but not limited to : -lrb- i -rrb- product liability claims ; -lrb- ii -rrb- any claim that the apps fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement ; and -lrb- iii -rrb- claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation . 
we reserve the right to make changes to our site , policies , service terms , and these conditions of use at any time . 
`` content '' means text , graphics , images , music , software , audio , video , information or other works of authorship . 
evernote may from time to time include as part of the service and evernote software computer software supplied by third parties which is utilized by permission of the respective licensors and/or copyright holders on the terms provided by such parties . 
in the unlikely event we end up in a legal dispute , we agree to resolve it in california courts -lrb- using california law -rrb- or dublin , ireland courts -lrb- using irish law -rrb- . 
unless otherwise expressed , atlas solutions group inc. . 
your failure to provide youtube with accurate account information ; v. your failure to keep your password or youtube account details secure and confidential . 
c. accessing -lrb- or attempting to access -rrb- any of our resources by any means other than through the means we provide , is strictly prohibited . 
except for changes made by us as described here , no other amendment or modification of these terms shall be effective unless set forth in a written agreement expressly amending these terms and bearing a written signature by you and us . 
all remaining countries laws of sweden exclusive ; courts of sweden 
• that the vimeo service will be uninterrupted or error-free ; 
7.8 on becoming aware of any potential violation of these terms , youtube reserves the right -lrb- but shall have no obligation -rrb- to decide whether content complies with the content requirements set out in these terms and may remove such content and/or terminate a user 's access for uploading content which is in violation of these terms at any time , without prior notice and at its sole discretion . 
such services may not function properly or may become inoperable if these third parties discontinue their services . 
this arbitration provision will survive termination of the agreements . 
damage to accommodations , disputes between members 
we have no obligation to provide any updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality of any service . 
one of our goals is to provide athletes with the tools to achieve their weight management goals at a steady , sustainable rate . 
super likes and other virtual items . 
you may not use the services or any ua content or other information displayed on or made available by the services to stalk , harass , abuse , defame , threaten , or defraud others . 
you understand that through your use of the services you consent to the collection and use -lrb- as set forth in the privacy policy -rrb- of this information , including the transfer of this information to the united states , ireland , and/or other countries for storage , processing and use by twitter and its affiliates . 
you represent and warrant that : -lrb- i -rrb- you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all user content or you have all rights , licenses , consents and releases necessary to grant uber the license to the user content as set forth above ; and -lrb- ii -rrb- neither the user content nor your submission , uploading , publishing or otherwise making available of such user content nor uber 's use of the user content as permitted herein will infringe , misappropriate or violate a third party 's intellectual property or proprietary rights , or rights of publicity or privacy , or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation . 
the site is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation , pursuant to hong kong copyright laws , international conventions , and other copyright laws . 
15 payments , cancellations , and cooling off 
sell , sponsor , or otherwise monetize any service without linkedin 's consent ; 
if you use developer features of the services , including but not limited to twitter for websites -lrb- https://dev.twitter.com/web/overview -rrb- , twitter cards -lrb- https://dev.twitter.com/cards/overview -rrb- , public api -lrb- https://dev.twitter.com/streaming/public -rrb- , or sign in with twitter -lrb- https://dev.twitter.com/web/sign-in -rrb- , you agree to our developer agreement -lrb- https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/agreement -rrb- and developer policy -lrb- https://dev.twitter.com/overview/terms/policy -rrb- . 
you are solely responsible for ensuring that these terms of use are in compliance with all laws , rules and regulations applicable to you and the right to access the service is revoked where these terms of use or use of the service is prohibited and , in such circumstances , you agree not to use or access the site or services in any way . 
5.5 by creating , uploading , posting , sending , receiving , storing , or otherwise making available any member content on or through the airbnb platform , you grant to airbnb a non-exclusive , worldwide , royalty-free , irrevocable , perpetual -lrb- or for the term of the protection -rrb- , sub-licensable and transferable license to such member content to access , use , store , copy , modify , prepare derivative works of , distribute , publish , transmit , stream , broadcast , and otherwise exploit in any manner such member content to provide and/or promote the airbnb platform , in any media or platform . 
cancelation and refunds : users who purchase annual subscriptions have thirty -lrb- 30 -rrb- days after their purchase to cancel and receive a full refund . 
you agree to be bound by this agreement for any such associated nintendo accounts -lrb- including those for children below the age of 13 -rrb- you hold now or set up later and that you are responsible for all activities and transactions that take place through your nintendo account and any associated nintendo accounts . 
arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court . 
last updated : september 16 , 2015 
the refund method will depend upon the payment method . 
in order to operate and provide our services , you grant whatsapp a worldwide , non-exclusive , royalty-free , sublicensable , and transferable license to use , reproduce , distribute , create derivative works of , display , and perform the information -lrb- including the content -rrb- that you upload , submit , store , send , or receive on or through our services . 
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing , including its location , with sufficient detail so that we are capable of finding it and verifying its existence . 
this eula will inure to the benefit of our successors and assigns . 
additional terms and conditions may apply to surveys , contests , giveaways , and other promotions sponsored by fitbit or its partners . 
if anything is wrong , please send an email with all the details to copyright@ua.com . 
you are obligated to ensure that such contact information is current and accurate . 
if you are located in japan and you buy skype credit from the skype website , this paragraph does not apply to you and your skype credit shall expire 6 months from the date of purchase . 
upload , post , email , transmit or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent , trademark , trade secret , copyright or other proprietary rights -lrb- `` rights '' -rrb- of any party ; 
you will resolve any claim , cause of action or dispute -lrb- claim -rrb- you have with us arising out of or relating to this statement or facebook exclusively in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california or a state court located in san mateo county , and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims . 
you are responsible for any messaging or data fees you may be charged by your wireless carrier . 
5.1 equipment : in order to use the software and the products you will need an internet broadband connection . 
for japanese numbers -lrb- +81 -rrb- , viber credit expires within 180 days of purchase , with no ability to reactivate . 
any violation or attempted violation of this provision may result in the immediate termination of your ability to access the fitbit service . 
• use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a academia.edu trademark , logo url or product name without academia.edu 's express written consent ; 
your continued use of tripadvisor now , or following the posting of any such notice of any changes , will indicate acceptance by you of such modifications . 
if you are a resident of the united states or any non-european union country : these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of maryland and controlling u.s. federal law as applicable , without regard to its conflict of law principles . 
use branding , logos , designs , photographs , videos , or any other materials used in our services . 
by submitting an order or pre-order , you acknowledge that you are authorised to use the designated payment method , and you authorise us to charge your order to that payment method . 
• contains hateful , defamatory , or discriminatory content or incites hatred against any individual or group ; 
also , the arbitrator may award relief -lrb- including monetary , injunctive , and declaratory relief -rrb- only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party 's individual claim -lrb- s -rrb- . 
we may revise these terms from time to time . 
15 payments , cancellations , and cooling off 
noe and ncl are together and individually referred to as `` nintendo '' or `` we '' or `` our '' . 
as truecaller provides global services , additional terms of services may apply to users in certain jurisdictions and will in such cases be made available in appendices and incorporated hereto . 
paid subscriptions can be purchased directly from spotify or through a third party , such as a telephone company , either by -lrb- 1 -rrb- paying a monthly subscription fee ; or -lrb- 2 -rrb- pre-payment giving you access to the spotify service for a specific time period -lrb- `` pre-paid period '' -rrb- . 
you agree not to modify the software in any manner or form , nor to use modified versions of the software , including -lrb- without limitation -rrb- for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the yahoo services . 
supercell can not guarantee that other members will not use the ideas and information that you share . 
term and termination , suspension and other measures 
reporting third-party copyright , trademark , and other intellectual property infringement 
if these terms are amended , we shall display the revised terms and conditions on or via the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms and you will be deemed to have accepted any amendments if you continue using the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms after the amendments are displayed . 
subject to the foregoing , niantic and its licensors -lrb- including tpc and tpci -rrb- exclusively own all right , title , and interest in and to the services and content , including all associated intellectual property rights . 
if skype needs to withdraw or change the number that has been made available to you , skype will use commercially reasonable endeavours to notify you by e-mail , stating the effective date of the change and where possible , your new number . 
please read these terms of use carefully before using the services offered by vivino . 
apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the service . 
instructions for cancelling your subscription are stated below in the `` cancelling subscriptions '' section . 
to learn more , visit our how to report claims of intellectual property infringement page . 
see our cancellation policy for more details . 
you agree and acknowledge that the materials are valuable property and that other than any specific and limited license for use of such materials , you shall not acquire any ownership rights in or to such materials . 
the number of devices on which you may simultaneously watch depends on your chosen subscription plan and is specified on the `` your account '' page . 
we reserve the right to control , regulate , change , or remove any virtual money or virtual goods without any liability to you . 
if you choose to access these third-party applications , you may be requested to log-in and sync your accounts with such applications . 
the crossed-out rate shown for rooms is based on the third highest current price of the supplier for your product or service with the same booking conditions in a 30-day window around your check-in date -lrb- 15 days before and 15 days after check-in date ; if less than 15 days are between today and the check-in date , we will use the corresponding number of days after the check-in date to result in a 30-day total -rrb- . 
you agree that you will not attempt to modify any digital goods obtained through any of the services for any reason whatsoever , including for the purpose of disguising or changing ownership or source of the digital goods . 
no joint venture , partnership , employment or agency relationship exists between you , uber or any third party provider as a result of the contract between you and uber or use of the services . 
please be thoughtful about how you use the spotify service and what you share . 
poland , italy laws of sweden exclusive ; courts of local country 
-lrb- iii -rrb- if your emergency call is connected , you will need to tell the emergency services operator that you speak to where you are physically located so that the correct emergency organisation can respond to your emergency and knows where to find you . 
the apps contain certain open source software . 
yahoo and its subsidiaries , affiliates , officers , employees , agents , partners and licensors make no warranty that -lrb- i -rrb- the yahoo services or software will meet your requirements ; -lrb- ii -rrb- the yahoo services or software will be uninterrupted , timely , secure or error-free ; -lrb- iii -rrb- the results that may be obtained from the use of the yahoo services or software will be accurate or reliable ; -lrb- iv -rrb- the quality of any products , services , information or other material purchased or obtained by you through the yahoo services or software will meet your expectations ; and -lrb- v -rrb- any errors in the software will be corrected . 
export compliance and us government rights 
infringe any copyright , database right or trademark of any other person ; 
any apps downloaded from onavo are subject to this agreement , which should be reviewed carefully before downloading and installing onavo 's apps . 
this agreement is between you and spotify only , not with apple , and apple is not responsible for the service and the content thereof . 
any such unmoderated content will not be covered by constitutional protection under the swedish fundamental law on freedom of expression as per the paragraph above and truecaller will not be liable for the publication of such content . 
we do not endorse or control such third-party properties and we make no representations or warranties of any kind regarding such properties . 
we will not be liable to you for any lack of performance , or the unavailability or failure , of the products , or for any failure or delay by us to comply with these terms , where such lack , unavailability or failure arises from any cause beyond our reasonable control . 
any amendment to or waiver of our terms requires our express consent . 
we reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you ; provided , however , that you shall remain liable for any such claim . 
in any jurisdiction in which we decide to facilitate direct collection and remittance , you hereby instruct and authorize airbnb -lrb- via airbnb payments -rrb- to collect occupancy taxes from guests on the host 's behalf at the time listing fees are collected , and to remit such occupancy taxes to the tax authority . 
some places do n't allow the disclaimers in this paragraph , so they may not apply to you . 
you may not install or use any software that is accompanied by or includes a license agreement unless you first agree to the license agreement terms . 
-lrb- 2 -rrb- connecting , or creating tools that allow you to connect , to world of warcraft 's proprietary interface or interfaces , other than those explicitly provided by blizzard entertainment for your use . 
your use of our services is also subject to our privacy policy and cookie policy . 
-lrb- i -rrb- a personal computer or other device which is capable of accessing the internet . 
if this specific paragraph is held unenforceable , then the entirety of this `` mandatory arbitration provisions '' section will be deemed void . 
except for donating your points to a nonprofit organization listed in the redemption center , you can not transfer points . 
date of last revision : january 30 , 2015 
these are described in paragraph 8 of these terms -lrb- rights you licence -rrb- . 
please carefully read the fine print -lrb- below the room types or at the bottom of each supplier page on our platform -rrb- and important information in your reservation confirmation for additional policies as may be applied by the supplier -lrb- e.g. in respect of age requirement , security deposit , non-cancellation/additional supplements for group bookings , extra beds/no free breakfast , pets/cards accepted -rrb- . 
you may redeem no more than 550,000 points per calendar year in the program . 
children under thirteen -lrb- 13 -rrb- years of age are allowed to participate in contests . 
such notice -lrb- `` takedown notice '' -rrb- must include your full name , contact details -lrb- address and phone number -rrb- , a reasonably detailed description of the alleged infringement and adequate evidence of your right in the relevant ip -lrb- for example , trademark registrar certificate of a signed affidavit -rrb- . 
no waiver will be effective against the company unless made in writing , and no such waiver will be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance . 
crowdtangle does not assume any responsibility for any incompleteness , errors , security , viruses , bugs , problems , omissions , inaccuracies or other limitations in , or interruptions in the operation of , the services . 
you and airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable disputes . 
you acknowledge that , in the event the company or a third party breaches this eula , the damage or harm , if any , caused to you will not entitle you to seek injunctive or other equitable relief against the company , and your only remedy will be for monetary damages , subject to the limitations of liability set forth in this eula . 
the exclusive means of resolving any dispute or claim arising out of or relating to this agreement -lrb- including any alleged breach thereof -rrb- or the service shall be binding arbitration administered by the american arbitration association under the consumer arbitration rules . 
guests and hosts agree that we may seek additional amounts from you in the event that the taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge your obligations to the tax authority , and agree that your sole remedy for occupancy taxes collected is a refund of occupancy taxes collected by airbnb from the applicable tax authority in accordance with applicable procedures set by that tax authority . 
in these terms , we use the term `` user material '' to refer to any publically available material of any kind that you submit to us , including text , files , images , photos , video , sounds and musical or literary works . 
if you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor that creates a microsoft account or skype account , you accept these terms on the minor 's behalf and are responsible for all use of the microsoft account , skype account , or services , including purchases , whether the minor 's account is now open or created later . 
see academia.edu 's privacy policy at academia.edu/privacy for information and notices concerning academia.edu 's collection and use of your personal information . 
`` services '' refers to products , games , services , content , zynga.com and/or the other domains provided by zynga . 
you may use amazon software solely for purposes of enabling you to use the amazon services as provided by amazon , and as permitted by these conditions of use and any service terms . 
9 infringement and reporting user content 
the arbitration will be conducted by telephone , online and/or be solely based on written submissions , the specific manner to be chosen by the party initiating the arbitration ; 
except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law , virtual items obtained by you are licensed to you , and you acknowledge that no title or ownership in or to virtual items is being transferred or assigned to you . 
the company will abide by the terms and conditions of the social networks and platforms in which you and any relevant contact are registered with a profile , with respect to retrieving accessible information from such networks or platforms -lrb- for synchronization or for other purposes -rrb- , and will follow any configuration , security , privacy or other applicable restrictions of such platforms . 
18.3 us federal arbitration act . 
please read carefully the following terms and conditions -lrb- `` terms '' -rrb- and our privacy policy , which may be found at academia.edu/privacy and which is incorporated by reference into these terms . 
you shall not : -lrb- i -rrb- take any action that imposes or may impose -lrb- as determined by vivino in its sole discretion -rrb- an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on vivino 's -lrb- or its third party providers ' -rrb- infrastructure ; -lrb- ii -rrb- interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the service or any activities conducted on the service ; -lrb- iii -rrb- bypass any measures vivino may use to prevent or restrict access to the service -lrb- or other accounts , computer systems or networks connected to the service -rrb- ; -lrb- iv -rrb- run any form of auto-responder or `` spam '' on the service ; -lrb- v -rrb- use manual or automated software , devices , or other processes to `` crawl '' or `` spider '' any page of the site ; -lrb- vi -rrb- harvest or scrape any content from the service ; or -lrb- vii -rrb- otherwise take any action in violation of vivino 's guidelines and policies . 
6.2 any applicable service fees -lrb- including any applicable taxes -rrb- will be displayed to a host or guest prior to publishing or booking a listing . 
your paid account will remain in effect until it 's cancelled or terminated under these terms . 
the terms are an agreement between us , and not with the app provider . 
we are firmly committed to the security and protection of personal information of our users , their contacts and the services . 
8.1 terms applicable to all bookings 
judicial forum for disputes : except as otherwise required by applicable law , in the event that the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to you or your claim , you and fitbit agree that any judicial proceeding -lrb- other than small claims actions -rrb- will be brought in the federal or state courts of san francisco county , california . 
we own all copyrights , trademarks , domains , logos , trade dress , trade secrets , patents , and other intellectual property rights associated with our services . 
furthermore , any action to enforce this user agreement shall be brought in the federal or state courts located in us , ca you hereby agree to personal jurisdiction by such courts , and waive any jurisdictional , venue , or inconvenient forum objections to such courts . 
reproducing sr samples in timed relation to visual images -lrb- i.e. , synchronizing -rrb- in user videos created in strict compliance with this eula , provided you are using only an sr sample provided by the company and not any sound recordings , musical works , or other user videos uploaded by you or others to the service ; and 
all other trademarks , registered trademarks , product names and company names or logos mentioned in this website are the property of their respective owners . 
parents or legal guardians must supervise their children 's use of the nintendo account at all times . 
additional information about the program , including policies governing feedback , the handling of lost , damaged , and undeliverable items , returns , and the resolution of buyer protection claims for items that you sell through the program , can be found on the global shipping program seller policies and frequently asked questions page . 
-lrb- f -rrb- any arbitration will be conducted by the american arbitration association -lrb- the `` aaa '' -rrb- under its commercial arbitration rules . 
certain features of the services may be subject to additional guidelines , terms or rules , which will be posted in or on the services in connection with such features . 
solicit , or attempt to solicit , personal information from other users of the service ; 
alcohol listings on amazon are intended for adults . 
c. you agree not to access content through any technology or means other than the video playback pages of the website itself , the youtube player , or such other means as youtube may explicitly designate for this purpose ; 
your access and use of the services constitutes your agreement to be bound by these terms , which establishes a contractual relationship between you and uber . 
effective on june 7 , 2017 
for support-related inquiries , you may contact us . 
the service supports only one account per game on a supported device . 
in this case , we will provide you with reasonable advance notice . 
we expressly exclude , to the fullest extent permitted by law , all liability of betterpoints.uk , its directors , employees or other representatives , howsoever arising , for any loss suffered as a result of your use of this website or involvement in any way with betterpoints.uk . 
12.2 the service is provided `` as is '' and youtube makes no warranty or representation to you with respect to them . 
you agree to defend , indemnify , and hold harmless crowdtangle from and against all liabilities , damages , losses , and expenses of any kind -lrb- including reasonable legal fees and costs -rrb- relating to , arising out of , or in any way in connection with any of the following : -lrb- a -rrb- your access to or use of the services , including information provided in connection therewith ; -lrb- b -rrb- your breach or alleged breach of our terms of service ; or -lrb- c -rrb- any misrepresentation made by you . 
5.2 the airbnb platform , airbnb content , and member content may in its entirety or in part be protected by copyright , trademark , and/or other laws of the united states and other countries . 
for purposes of this section , `` test issue '' means : -lrb- i -rrb- the inability to complete the test due to a failure in the websites or the apps , or -lrb- ii -rrb- test results are delivered more than 48 hours after the test is completed . 
in the event you download software from the site , the software , including any files , images incorporated in or generated by the software , and the data accompanying the software -lrb- collectively , the `` software '' -rrb- is licensed to you by 9gag , inc or third party licensors for your personal , noncommercial use , and no title to the software shall be transferred to you . 
netflix does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for netflix content , and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to netflix . 
however , blizzard entertainment reserves the right to temporarily suspend the service for maintenance , testing , replacement and repair of the telecommunications equipment related to world of warcraft , as well as for transmission interruption or any other operational needs of the system . 
your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the products is strictly prohibited . 
in certain countries , a number may be made available to you by a skype partner rather than skype , and you may need to enter into a separate agreement with such partner . 
-lrb- b -rrb- other changes to numbers . 
by using the services , you agree that : 
virtual items represent a limited license right governed by this agreement . 
because requirements may change at any time , be sure to check for up-to-date information before booking and departure . 
you may only use the services to : -lrb- a -rrb- access content on crowdtangle 's platform ; and -lrb- b -rrb- access , manage and obtain content from other platforms -lrb- e.g. , twitter , facebook -rrb- in accordance with these terms of service and any terms specified by those other platforms . 
grant of a limited license to use the service . 
these terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our services . 
we have taken every care in the preparation of our site and our service . 
if you wish to dispute the information ebay reported to a credit bureau -lrb- i.e. , experian , equifax or transunion -rrb- please contact us at ebay inc. , c/o global collections , 7700 west parmer lane , building d , austin , tx 78729 . 
1.6 the airbnb platform may contain links to third-party websites or resources -lrb- `` third-party services '' -rrb- . 
in addition to being the minimum age required to use our services under applicable law , if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our terms in your country , your parent or guardian must agree to our terms on your behalf . 
use any trademarks , service marks , design marks , logos , photographs , or other content belonging to the company or obtained from the service ; 
8 % swiss vat applies if you are located in switzerland . 
by using the services , you hereby acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand this agreement and agree to be legally bound by it . 
system abuse ; bulk messaging . 
you further agree not to -lrb- 1 -rrb- upload any content that contains software viruses or is designed to interrupt , destroy , or limit the functionality of any equipment or services , or that contains other harmful , disruptive , or destructive files or content ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- use or attempt to use another user 's account without authorization , or impersonate any person or entity ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- harvest , solicit , or collect information of other users for any reason whatsoever , including , without limitation , for sending unsolicited communications ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- post , advertise , or promote products or services commercially , or upload any content that is advertising , promotional material , junk mail , spam , or a contest or sweepstake , or that furthers or promotes criminal activity ; or -lrb- 5 -rrb- use the fitbit service in any manner that , in our sole discretion , is objectionable or restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the fitbit service , or which may expose us or our users to any harm or liability of any type . 
sellers and buyers are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations applicable to the international sale , purchase , and shipment of items . 
this license is provided solely for your personal , non-commercial use and enjoyment of the fitbit service as permitted in these terms . 
world of warcraft is available for use only by authorized end users in accordance with the terms of the blizzard agreements . 
the opt-out notice must be postmarked no later than 30 days after the date you accept the user agreement for the first time . 
if you require further information about skyscanner or have any suggestions concerning how to improve the skyscanner services and/or skyscanner platforms , please contact us here . 
microsoft does not guarantee the accuracy , completeness , reliability , availability or timeliness of inferences and personalized experiences provided by cortana . 
• fail to pay for items purchased by you , unless you have a valid reason as set out in an ebay policy , for example , the seller has materially changed the item 's description after you bid , a clear typographical error is made , or you can not contact the seller -lrb- see our unpaid item policy -rrb- ; 
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law , this limitation applies to all claims , whether based on warranty , contract , tort , or any other legal theory , whether or not under armour has been informed of the possibility of such damage , and further where a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed its essential purpose . 
if you receive a notification from 9gag that material made available by you on or through the services has been the subject of a notification of claimed infringement , then you will have the right to provide 9gag with what is called a `` counter notification . '' 
-lrb- a -rrb- you are not permitted to belong to more than one skype manager at the same time . 
any feedback , comments , or suggestions you may provide regarding twitter , or the services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback , comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you . 
last updated : march 3 , 2017 
if you want to send us notices or service of process , please contact us : 
in those cases , crowdtangle will not be held liable for any disruption of service . 
no access to emergency services : the software is not a replacement for your ordinary mobile or fixed line telephone . 
judicial proceedings that you are able to bring against us arising from or in connection with these terms may only be brought in a court located in ireland or a court with jurisdiction in your place of residence . 
your notice to us must be sent to us at viberforeigndispute@viber.com . 
unless your paid subscription has been purchased as a pre-paid period , your payment to spotify will automatically renew at the end of the subscription period , unless you cancel your paid subscription through your subscription page before the end of the current subscription period . 
you agree to commence arbitration only in your county of residence , in santa clara county , california , or another disputed party 's principal place of business in the usa . 
and by your use of the service , you consent to such disclosures and communications subject to the terms of our privacy statement . 
promote or engage in physical harm , violence , or injury against any group or individual ; 
the company reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section if the company believes that you are unwilling or incapable of defending the company 's interests . 
these factors are not fault free . 
this warranty is limited to the physical storage medium and the software as originally provided by rovio and is not applicable to normal wear and tear . 
you are under 13 years of age , in which case you must not create an account , use any part of the service except games with an age screen after accurately identifying your age , or submit personal information through the service or to zynga -lrb- for example , name , address , telephone number , email address -rrb- ; 
all intellectual property , other trademarks , logos , images , product and company names displayed or referred to on or in the products are the property of their respective owners . 
- the subscriber 's name , address , and telephone number , and a statement that the subscriber consents to the jurisdiction of federal district court for the judicial district in which the address is located , or if the subscriber 's address is outside of the united states , for any judicial district in which 9gag may be found , and that the subscriber will accept service of process from the person who provided a notification of claimed infringement as set forth above or an agent of such person . 
we respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law , and such notices should be reported using our copyright policy . 
we may not monitor or control the content posted via the services and , we can not take responsibility for such content . 
linden lab will not assume any responsibility , obligation , or liability for the receipt or non-receipt of any of the foregoing . 
in all cases , `` zynga , '' `` us , '' or `` we '' includes agents , consultants , employees , officers and directors . 
k. you agree not to solicit , for commercial purposes , any users of the website with respect to their content ; and 
disputes : any action arising out of or relating to this agreement or your use of the vimeo service must be commenced in the state or federal courts located in new york county , new york , united states of america -lrb- and you consent to the jurisdiction of those courts -rrb- . 
15.3 without limiting our rights specified below , airbnb may terminate this agreement for convenience at any time by giving you thirty -lrb- 30 -rrb- days ' notice via email to your registered email address . 
the third party products or services may be subject to the third party provider 's own terms and privacy policy that you may have to accept upon download or installation . 
by installing , accessing or using the rovio services , you consent to these information collection and usage terms , including -lrb- where applicable -rrb- the transfer of data into a country outside of the european union and/or the european economic area or the united states of america . 
nothing in these terms of service shall affect the statutory rights of any consumer or exclude or restrict any liability resulting from gross negligence or willful misconduct of supercell or for death or personal injury arising from any negligence or fraud of supercell . 
you will be responsible for the payment of any gift purchased by you . 
by downloading or using our applications , you expressly agree that we may communicate with you regarding transactions you have initiated on the services or respond to your communications to us through the services by sms , mms , text message , or other electronic means directed to your device and that certain information about your usage of the applications may be communicated to us . 
blizzard entertainment may , in its sole and absolute discretion , take whatever action it deems necessary to preserve the integrity of world of warcraft . 
if we believe you are abusing ebay in any way , we may , in our sole discretion and without limiting other remedies , limit , suspend , or terminate your user account -lrb- s -rrb- and access to our services , delay or remove hosted content , remove any special status associated with your account -lrb- s -rrb- , remove , not display , and/or demote listings , reduce or eliminate any discounts , and take technical and/or legal steps to prevent you from using our services . 
when you use an amazon service -lrb- for example , your profile , gift cards , amazon video , your media library , amazon devices , or amazon applications -rrb- you also will be subject to the guidelines , terms and agreements applicable to that amazon service -lrb- `` service terms '' -rrb- . 
parental control functionalities offered by nintendo may not work with third-party services . 
the arbitrator 's award damages must be consistent with the terms of the `` limitation of liability '' section above as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable . 
accounts that are `` suspended '' by blizzard entertainment for `` non payment , '' or for a violation of these terms of use , are not eligible for a refund . 
• depicts animal cruelty or extreme violence towards animals ; 
microsoft reserves the right to modify our usage rules at any time . 
you may cancel your account at any time by visiting your account settings page and clicking on `` remove '' or by sending an email to feedback@academia.edu . 
you may only connect to the fitbit service using -lrb- i -rrb- a device that is manufactured , distributed , or sold by fitbit itself or through its authorized resellers or agents ; -lrb- ii -rrb- our mobile applications and software , or approved third-party applications , software , or devices ; or -lrb- iii -rrb- our websites -lrb- `` authorized connections '' -rrb- . 
you may not upload , post , or transmit -lrb- collectively , `` submit '' -rrb- any video , image , text , audio recording , or other work -lrb- collectively , `` content '' -rrb- that : 
we each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class , consolidated or representative action . 
you can increase your storage space and add paid features to your account -lrb- turning your account into a `` paid account '' -rrb- . 
if you become involved in any violation of system security , viber reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other sites , law enforcement and/or governmental authorities in order to assist them in resolving security incidents . 
`` viber in '' is provided to you for free and you may disable the ` viber in ' service at any time by changing the application settings . 
this information must be complete and accurate , and you are responsible for keeping it up to date . 
viber or its licensors own the title , copyright , and other intellectual property rights in the material and service , and by using our services , you do not acquire any ownership rights in service or materials contained therein . 
limitations on your right to use world of warcraft may include , but not necessarily be limited to , the following : 
-lrb- an account holder is the person or entity who has contracted with evernote as either an individual basic , plus , or premium user or as a customer as defined in our evernote business agreement . -rrb- 
if you make suggestions to vimeo on improving or adding new features to the vimeo service , vimeo shall have the right to use your suggestions without any compensation to you . 
you acknowledge and agree that these terms and conditions are solely between you and duolingo , not apple , and that apple has no responsibility for the apps or content thereof . 
in entering into this release you expressly waive any protections -lrb- whether statutory or otherwise -rrb- that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release . 
if not expressly prohibited by mandatory legislation , you hereby waive any moral rights of paternity , publication , reputation , or attribution with respect to rovio 's and other players ' use and enjoyment of such assets in connection with the rovio services and related goods and services under applicable law . 
notwithstanding any provision in the user agreement to the contrary , you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this agreement to arbitrate -lrb- other than an amendment to any notice address or site link provided herein -rrb- in the future , that amendment shall not apply to any claim that was filed in a legal proceeding against ebay prior to the effective date of the amendment . 
the brand may not stream media . 
gain unauthorized access to the service , to other users ' accounts , names , or personally identifiable information , or to other computers or websites connected or linked to the service ; 
4.4 linden lab has no obligation to accept returns or provide refunds of any amounts paid for products or services purchased from linden lab . 
you may terminate the agreements at any time . 
microsoft in its sole discretion determines what constitutes a search or acquisition that qualifies for points . 
if anyone brings a claim against us related to your actions , content or information on facebook , you will indemnify and hold us harmless from and against all damages , losses , and expenses of any kind -lrb- including reasonable legal fees and costs -rrb- related to such claim . 
4.1 purchasing services from oculus . 
thereafter , you expressly agree to be bound by any such amended terms and conditions . 
this paragraph does n't affect consumer rights that ca n't be waived or limited by any contract or agreement . 
by default , all subscriptions are set to automatically renew for the same period of time as the original subscription . 
you can reactivate the viber credit by accessing your viber-out account on viber.com , and following the instructions therein . 
comply with all applicable laws , including , without limitation , privacy laws , intellectual property laws , anti-spam laws , export control laws , tax laws , and regulatory requirements ; 
some jurisdictions may not allow certain limitation on or exclusion of implied warranties , so some of the above limitation or exclusions may not apply in full to you . 
other product and service names located on the service may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties -lrb- the `` third-party trademarks , '' and , collectively with the company trademarks , the `` trademarks '' -rrb- . 
if we can not get reimbursement from you , we may collect the outstanding sums using other collection mechanisms , including retaining collection agencies . 
the company parties will not be subject to liability for the truth , accuracy or completeness of any content on the service or any other information conveyed to any user , or for errors , mistakes or omissions therein , or for any delays or interruptions of the data , or information stream from whatever cause . 
it is your responsibility to ensure that this location information is correct and kept up-to-date if your physical address changes . 
we may also from time to time , as we see fit , develop and provide updates for certain services . 
by using the services , you agree to the terms . 
we suggest that you review the terms of use and privacy statement of such external links prior to use of them . 
some offline titles may not be playable in certain countries and if you go online in a country where you would not be able to stream that offline title , the offline title will not be playable while you are in that country . 
all requests for further information should be directed to : support@onavo.com . 
we may make an exception if a refund for a subscription offering is requested within fourteen days of the transaction date , or if the laws applicable in your jurisdiction provide for refunds . 
some of our services are available on mobile devices . 
our services may be accessed on third-party devices or other products -lrb- `` third party products '' -rrb- , and your ability to use certain features of the services may require you to purchase third-party products -lrb- e.g. , fitness trackers -rrb- . 
all rights not expressly granted to you in these conditions of use or any service terms are reserved and retained by amazon or its licensors , suppliers , publishers , rightsholders , or other content providers . 
nothing grants you any license or right to use , alter or remove or copy such material . 
amazon reserves the right -lrb- but not the obligation -rrb- to remove or edit such content , but does not regularly review posted content . 
if you do not maintain such accounts , then the rovio services or certain features of the rovio services may not operate or may cease to function properly , either in whole or in part . 
where you purchase products on a subscription basis -lrb- monthly , every 3 months or annually -lrb- as applicable -rrb- -rrb- , you acknowledge and agree that this is a recurring payment and payments shall be made to skype by the method you have chosen at the recurring intervals chosen by you , until the subscription for that product is terminated by you or by skype . 
the aaa 's rules are available at www.adr.org . 
a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed . 
you acknowledge and agree that if you submit any feedback to us , you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive , worldwide , perpetual , irrevocable , fully-paid , royalty-free , sub-licensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use , copy , modify , create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the feedback for any purpose . 
where permitted , you may delete copies or instances of your content that you have displayed or that are in your account inventory through the normal functionality of the service , such as by emptying the trash folder in your account inventory as applicable . 
you 're responsible for all activities that occur under your account , whether or not you know about them . 
effective date : july 29 , 2016 
during the call , charges incurred will be deducted automatically from the viber credit balance in your user account . 
booking.com can not guarantee that any request or communication will be -lrb- duly and timely -rrb- received/read by , complied with , executed or accepted by the supplier . 
your continued use of the services will confirm your acceptance of the revised terms . 
the arbitrator 's decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award . 
you must choose an account name for your account which may also serve as the name for your graphical representation within each product -lrb- your `` avatar '' -rrb- . 
grant of a limited license to use the service 
while you may always browse the public-facing portions of the service without registering with us , in order to enjoy the full benefits of the service , including to serve as a creator or editor , you must download the apps and register an account with us -lrb- an `` account '' -rrb- . 
the application publisher means the entity licensing the application to you , as identified in the windows store or xbox store . 
you may deactivate your account with our service at any time , for any reason -lrb- or no reason -rrb- . 
how is my account closed ? 
use of the services is entirely at your own risk . 
any request for payment of fees by ebay should be submitted by mail to the aaa along with your demand for arbitration and ebay will make arrangements to pay all necessary fees directly to the aaa . 
arbitration rules and governing law . 
truecaller and its licensors shall retain ownership in and to the services and to all related intellectual property rights , including without limitation copyrights , trademarks , trade names , database rights and patents . 
19.1 this dispute resolution and arbitration agreement shall apply if you -lrb- i -rrb- reside in the united states ; or -lrb- ii -rrb- do not reside in the united states , but bring any claim against airbnb in the united states -lrb- to the extent not in conflict with section 21 -rrb- . 
your account and virtual items : 
prolonged contact with wearable devices may contribute to skin irritation or allergies in some users . 
if a product offered by amazon itself is not as described , your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition . 
google 's privacy policies explain how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our services . 
please contact us if you have any questions about these terms . 
in addition to the agreements , you also agree to adhere to the spotify support community guidelines that you will be presented with upon registration -lrb- the `` support community guidelines '' -rrb- when using the spotify support community . 
if a dispute arises between you and supercell , we strongly encourage you to first contact us directly to seek a resolution by going to our customer support site at https://support.supercell.com/ . 
in the service you may purchase , with `` real world '' money , a limited , personal , non-transferable , non-sublicensable , revocable license to use -lrb- a -rrb- `` virtual currency '' , including but not limited to virtual cash or diamonds , all for use in supercell games ; -lrb- b -rrb- `` virtual in-game items '' -lrb- together with `` virtual currency '' , `` virtual items '' -rrb- ; and -lrb- c -rrb- other goods or services -lrb- `` merchandise '' -rrb- . 
you can find these terms and conditions here . 
and if you are using the apps on an ios-based device , you agree to and acknowledge the `` notice regarding apple , '' below . 
when you make your content available to masquerade or in connection with the services , you represent and warrant that : -lrb- a -rrb- you own your content or otherwise have the right to grant the licenses to use your content as set forth in these terms , -lrb- b -rrb- the use of your content as set forth in these terms does not violate , misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party , including , privacy rights , publicity rights , copyrights , trademark or other intellectual property or proprietary rights , and -lrb- c -rrb- you agree to pay for all royalties , fees , and any other monies owed by reason of use of your content as set forth in these terms . 
we reserve the right , at your expense , to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us under the terms , and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims . 
use any robot , bot , spider , crawler , scraper , site search/retrieval application , proxy or other manual or automatic device , method or process to access , retrieve , index , `` data mine , '' or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the service or its contents . 
we may have little or no control over such sites or developers and , accordingly , you acknowledge and agree that -lrb- i -rrb- we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites , content or applications ; -lrb- ii -rrb- we are not responsible or liable for any content or other materials or performance available from such sites or applications and -lrb- iii -rrb- we shall not be responsible or liable , directly or indirectly , for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content , materials or applications . 
if the prohibition against class actions and other disputes brought on behalf of third parties is found to be unenforceable for a dispute , then all of the provisions above under the caption `` special arbitration provision for united states or canada users '' will be null and void as to that dispute . 
you are responsible for obtaining and maintaining , at your sole cost , all internet devices and other equipment and software , and services necessary for you to access and use the service . 
• you enter into a legally binding contract to purchase an item when you commit to buy an item , your offer for an item is accepted , or if you have the winning bid -lrb- or your bid is otherwise accepted -rrb- . 
in addition , you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the yahoo services . 
-lrb- 11 -rrb- referring to pop culture icons or personas ; 
additional information may be obtained from mpeg la , l.l.c. see www.mpegla.com . 
by using the services or agreeing to these terms , you consent to microsoft 's collection , use and disclosure of your content and data as described in the privacy statement . 
suspension or cancellation of the services for non-payment could result in a loss of access to and use of your account and its content . 
uber may , in uber 's sole discretion , permit you from time to time to submit , upload , publish or otherwise make available to uber through the services textual , audio , and/or visual content and information , including commentary and feedback related to the services , initiation of support requests , and submission of entries for competitions and promotions -lrb- `` user content '' -rrb- . 
you acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the service which youtube provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you . 
furthermore , the rights to terminate , rescind , or agree to any variation , waiver , or settlement of the agreements are not subject to the consent of any other person . 
fitbit and its affiliates are referred to as `` fitbit , '' `` we , '' `` us , '' or `` our '' in these terms . 
you and we both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in san francisco , california . 
our responsibility to pay any aaa filing , administrative , and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the aaa rules . 
-lrb- a -rrb- applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing . 
fitbit may enable you to post , upload , store , share , send , or display photos , images , video , data , text , music , exercise regimens , food logs , recipes , comments , and other information and content -lrb- `` your content '' -rrb- to and via the fitbit service . 
7.1.7 airbnb recommends that hosts obtain appropriate insurance for their host services . 
the support companies only provide an internal supporting role to and for the benefit of booking.com . 
duolingo may amend , update or change these terms and conditions . 
you acknowledge that academia.edu has no obligation to monitor your access to or use of the site , services or collective content or to review or edit any collective content , but has the right to do so for the purpose of operating the site and services , to ensure your compliance with these terms , or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court , administrative agency or other governmental body . 
this right does not apply to any goods that have been used , or are stated by us to be non-returnable , including any items or goods that have been personalised or modified in accordance with your instructions . 
all information provided as part of our registration process is covered by our privacy policy . 
to maintain control over the account and to prevent anyone from accessing the account -lrb- which would include information on viewing history for the account -rrb- , the account owner should maintain control over the netflix ready devices that are used to access the service and not reveal the password nor details of the payment method associated with the account to anyone . 
because our services evolve over time , we may change or discontinue all or any part of the services at any time and without notice . 
so it 's important that you keep your account secure . 
we try to keep facebook up , bug-free , and safe , but you use it at your own risk . 
we respect other people 's rights , and expect you to do the same . 
we do not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any introduction , advice , opinion , statement or other information displayed , uploaded or distributed through the service by betterpoints.uk or any user of the service or any other service . 
as a user , you agree that you use the service and any content thereon at your own risk . 
we are not responsible for and are not obligated to control the actions or information -lrb- including content -rrb- of our users or other third parties . 
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law , in no event shall crowdtangle , facebook , its affiliates , agents , directors , employees , suppliers or licensors -lrb- `` crowdtangle parties '' -rrb- be liable for any indirect , punitive , incidental , special , consequential or exemplary damages , including without limitation damages for loss of profits , goodwill , use , data or other intangible losses , arising out of or relating to the use of , or inability to use , these services . 
you must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of the renewal subscription fee to the payment method you provided . 
remove any copyright , trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on our service ; 
4.4 your right to cancel or return physical goods . 
the tripadvisor websites are controlled and operated by tripadvisor from its offices in the commonwealth of massachusetts in the united states . 
before filing a claim against fitbit , you agree to try to resolve the dispute informally by contacting support@fitbit.com . 
please read the agreements carefully . 
if you are a whatsapp user located in the united states or canada , our terms contain a binding arbitration provision , which states that , except if you opt out and except for certain types of disputes , whatsapp and you agree to resolve all disputes through binding individual arbitration , which means that you waive any right to have those disputes decided by a judge or jury , and that you waive your right to participate in class actions , class arbitrations , or representative actions . 
all purchases of premium services are final and non-refundable , except at our sole discretion and in accordance with the rules governing each premium service . 
the user also warrants that he/she is not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo , or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a `` terrorist supporting '' country , and that he/she is not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties . 
finally , this section waives your right to have your dispute heard and resolved as a class action , class arbitration , or a representative action . 
you may send a copy to ebay at the following address : ebay , inc. c/o ct corporation system , 1108 e south union ave. , midvale , ut 84047 . 
we do not endorse or assume any responsibility for any such third-party sites , information , materials , products , or services . 
-lrb- a -rrb- all materials -lrb- including software and content whether downloaded or not -rrb- contained in the products are owned by headspace -lrb- or our affiliates and/or third party licensors , where applicable -rrb- , unless indicated otherwise . 
these are the limits of legal liability we may have to you . 
in no event shall onavo be liable to anyone for any indirect , punitive , special , exemplary , incidental , consequential or other damages of any type or kind -lrb- including loss of data , revenue , profits , use or other economic advantage -rrb- arising out of , or in any way connected with the services , including but not limited to the use or inability to use the services , or for any content obtained from or through the services , any interruption , inaccuracy , error or omission , even if onavo has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages . 
the agreements do not grant you any rights to use any spotify brand features whether for commercial or non-commercial use . 
in the event the american arbitration association is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty -lrb- 160 -rrb- days of filing the case , then either instagram or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the judicial arbitration and mediation services . 
if you are a player outside of the united states , and you have to give us notice of something according to the terms , feature terms or the zynga privacy policy , the notice must be in writing and addressed to : zynga game ireland limited located at 25-28 north wall quay , dublin 1 , ireland , unless we have provided a more specific method way of notifying us . 
your viber credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by the same payment method you initially designated when you registered your account every time your viber account balance goes below the threshold set by viber from time to time . 
10.1 the licensor is entitled to revise these terms of use at any time . 
you are not a person who is barred from using the service under the laws of the united states or any other applicable jurisdiction -- meaning that you do not appear on the u.s. treasury department 's list of specially designated nationals or face any other similar prohibition , 
uber will use reasonable efforts to inform you of charges that may apply , provided that you will be responsible for charges incurred under your account regardless of your awareness of such charges or the amounts thereof . 
all issues are for the arbitrator to decide , except that issues relating to arbitrability , the scope or enforceability of this agreement to arbitrate , or the interpretation of section 1 of this agreement to arbitrate -lrb- `` prohibition of class and representative actions and non-individualized relief '' -rrb- , shall be for a court of competent jurisdiction to decide . 
fitbit 's failure to enforce any right or provision of these terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision . 
if you , or anyone in your family , have an epileptic condition , consult your physician prior to using the yahoo service . 
you will resolve any claim , cause of action or dispute you have with us arising out of or relating to these terms of service or crowdtangle exclusively in the u.s. district court for the northern district of california or a state court located in san mateo county , and you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating all such claims . 
releases , disclaimers , liability limits and indemnification 
if there is a dispute about whether this arbitration agreement can be enforced or applies to our dispute , you and airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue . 
we are not responsible or liable for the conduct or content of any user . 
if you are a developer or operator of a platform application or website or if you use social plugins , you must comply with the facebook platform policy . 
notwithstanding the foregoing , you acknowledge and agree that no user video will be considered to be a separate copyrightable work and all rights in each user video will remain with the owners of the content used to create such user video . 
to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law , you waive your right to enforce against ebay , our assignees , our sublicensees , and their assignees your intellectual property rights in that content in connection with our , those assignees ' , and those sublicensees ' use of that content . 
-lrb- a -rrb- any indirect , special , incidental or consequential damages ; or 
we want you to pay the lowest price possible for your product and service of choice . 
effective : january 10 , 2017 
check restrictions on use : in some countries there are restrictions on the use of the software . 
linden lab may modify , revalue , or make the virtual goods and services more or less common , valuable , effective , or functional . 
amazon reserves the right to refuse service , terminate accounts , terminate your rights to use amazon services , remove or edit content , or cancel orders in its sole discretion . 
any rights not expressly granted in these terms are reserved . 
you acknowledge and agree that the airbnb platform and airbnb content , including all associated intellectual property rights , are the exclusive property of airbnb and/or its licensors or authorizing third-parties . 
you need a valid microsoft account and your devices must meet the minimum system requirements . 
the icc rules ' emergency arbitrator provisions are excluded . 
other than as expressly authorized in the service , you shall not sell , redeem or otherwise transfer virtual items to any person or entity , including but not limited to company , another user , or any third party . 
yahoo reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue , temporarily or permanently , the yahoo services -lrb- or any part thereof -rrb- with or without notice . 
you acquire no rights whatsoever to all or any part of the services except for the limited use rights granted by these terms of service . 
you may terminate the terms at any time by uninstalling the truecaller applications and ceasing the use of the services . 
either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the fitbit products or fitbit service , or infringement of intellectual property rights -lrb- for example , trademark , trade secret , copyright or patent rights -rrb- without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute-resolution process described above . 
by signing up or otherwise using the spotify service , websites , and software applications -lrb- together , the `` spotify service '' or `` service '' -rrb- , or accessing any content or material that is made available by spotify through the service -lrb- the `` content '' -rrb- you are entering into a binding contract with the spotify entity indicated at the bottom of this document . 
9gag reserves the right to seek damages from any party that submits a notification of claimed infringement or counter notification in violation of the law . 
although it is instagram 's intention for the service to be available as much as possible , there will be occasions when the service may be interrupted , including , without limitation , for scheduled maintenance or upgrades , for emergency repairs , or due to failure of telecommunications links and/or equipment . 
you promise that , with respect to any user content you post on spotify , -lrb- 1 -rrb- you have the right to post such user content , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- such user content , or its use by spotify as contemplated by the agreements , does not violate the agreements , applicable law , or the intellectual property -lrb- including without limitation copyright -rrb- , publicity , personality , or other rights of others or imply any affiliation with or endorsement of you or your user content by spotify or any artist , band , label , entity or individual without express written consent from such individual or entity . 
we do not necessarily endorse any opinion contained in such material . 
to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law , we do not warrant that -lrb- i -rrb- the services will meet your requirements , -lrb- ii -rrb- the operation of the services will be uninterrupted , virus - or error-free or free from other harmful elements or -lrb- iii -rrb- errors will be corrected . 
for notices made by email , the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted . 
the foregoing shall not preclude you using the software for your own business communications , subject to paragraph 4.1 above ; 
the company 's liability , and the liability of any other company parties , to you or any third parties in any circumstance is limited to the greater of the fees you have paid us for any gifts and u.s. $ 100 . 
identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed . 
claims can be filed with aaa online -lrb- www.adr.org -rrb- ; 
upload , post , email , transmit , or otherwise make available any content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships -lrb- such as inside information , proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements -rrb- ; 
any judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction . 
however , you acknowledge and agree that the perpetual licence granted by you in relation to user content , including feedback , is irrevocable and will therefore continue after expiry or termination of any of the agreements for any reason . 
you agree not to do any of the following : 
at the point of cancellation , your right to use the program and accrue future points ends . 
welcome to the pokémon go video game services , which are accessible via the niantic , inc. -lrb- `` niantic '' -rrb- mobile device application -lrb- the `` app '' -rrb- . 
you consent to the terms and conditions in the gift points policy available at https://www.musical.ly/giftpointspolicy.html -lrb- the `` gift points policy '' -rrb- ; 
we do not endorse , support , represent or guarantee the completeness , truthfulness , accuracy , or reliability of any content or communications posted via the services or endorse any opinions expressed via the services . 
our user agreement has been updated . 
you acknowledge that the nintendo account service may be changed , in part or in whole , at any time and any user-generated content may be deleted from the nintendo account service at any time . 
skype is not required to offer access to emergency services under any applicable local and/or national rules , regulations , or law . 
additional health and safety warnings and instructions may be provided by developers in relation to specific third-party content . 
we will indicate any unmoderated or moderated content published in or on the services , for example by using different badges in connection with the publication of such content . 
you agree to release , defend -lrb- at airbnb 's option -rrb- , indemnify , and hold airbnb and its affiliates and subsidiaries , and their officers , directors , employees and agents , harmless from and against any claims , liabilities , damages , losses , and expenses , including , without limitation , reasonable legal and accounting fees , arising out of or in any way connected with -lrb- i -rrb- your breach of these terms or our policies or standards , -lrb- ii -rrb- your improper use of the airbnb platform or any airbnb services , -lrb- iii -rrb- your interaction with any member , stay at an accommodation , participation in an experience , event or other host service , including without limitation any injuries , losses or damages -lrb- whether compensatory , direct , incidental , consequential or otherwise -rrb- of any kind arising in connection with or as a result of such interaction , stay , participation or use , -lrb- iv -rrb- airbnb 's collection and remittance of occupancy taxes , or -lrb- v -rrb- your breach of any laws , regulations or third party rights . 
4.4 you may not register more than one -lrb- 1 -rrb- airbnb account unless airbnb authorizes you to do so . 
you therefore may not use the services in a manner that : 
9gag has discretion , however , to terminate the account of any user after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon 9gag 's own determination . 
is unlawful , threatening , abusive , harassing , defamatory , libelous , deceptive , fraudulent , invasive of another 's privacy , tortious , obscene , vulgar , pornographic , offensive , profane , contains or depicts nudity , contains or depicts sexual activity , or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by vivino in its sole discretion ; 
for all others , including those who live outside of the united states , you agree that the laws of the state of california , u.s.a. , excluding its conflict of laws rules , shall exclusively govern any dispute relating to this contract and/or the services . 
except as otherwise provided , if the licence for a digital product is offered for purchasing in nintendo shopping services by noe , the licence will be registered to your nintendo account after you have submitted the respective order in nintendo shopping services and made the payment to noe . 
the software may include third party code that skype , not the third party , licenses to you under this agreement . 
failure of the company to act on or enforce any provision of this eula will not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this eula . 
to the extent any translated version of these terms of use conflicts with the english version , the english version controls . 
while we may provide pricing , shipping , listing , sourcing , and other guidance in our services , such guidance is solely informational and you may decide to follow it or not . 
our goal is to provide you with a neutral and cost-effective means of resolving the dispute quickly . 
we recommend that you choose a password that is hard to guess and consists of letters , numbers and symbols . 
for example , you may choose to share photos or other content from our services to your facebook account and facebook audiences you choose , and then facebook 's statement of rights and responsibility and data policy will apply to your use of the facebook service as well as the content once it is shared to the facebook service . 
you agree to : -lrb- 1 -rrb- try to choose a strong and secure password ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- keep your password secure and confidential ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- not transfer any part of your account -lrb- e.g. , connections -rrb- and -lrb- 4 -rrb- follow the law and our list of dos and do n'ts . 
you represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such license to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights , including without limitation , any privacy rights , publicity rights , copyrights , contract rights , or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights . 
earning betterpoints under multiple accounts is strictly forbidden and will result in having one , several or all accounts terminated . 
to the extent permitted under your local laws , covered parties exclude any implied warranties or conditions , including those of merchantability , fitness for a particular purpose , safety , comfort , and non-infringement . 
19.8 skype video messaging -lrb- `` video messaging '' -rrb- 
use of the amazon software . 
some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties and , to that extent , the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you . 
we recently revised these terms . 
certain aspects of the service -lrb- including subscription to a premium account or usage of virtual environments -lrb- `` virtual space , '' as may be further described in an applicable product policy -rrb- -rrb- , are provided for a fee or other charge by linden lab or an applicable payment service provider . 
occasionally we may , in our discretion , make changes to the agreements . 
in such event , you shall provide us with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by us . 
in entering into this release , you expressly waive any protections -lrb- whether statutory or otherwise -rrb- to the extent permitted by applicable law that would otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release . 
all room prices are per room for your entire stay and all prices are displayed including vat/sales tax and all other taxes -lrb- subject to change of such taxes -rrb- , unless stated differently on our platform or the confirmation email/ticket . 
7.8 user material is not considered to be confidential . 
legal capacity ; children and minors . 
you therefore use the vimeo service at your own risk . 
you ca n't recover any other damages or losses , including direct , consequential , lost profits , special , indirect , incidental , or punitive . 
these rights are limited in the following ways : 
-lrb- c -rrb- authority of arbitrator . 
we welcome feedback , comments , and suggestions for improvements to the services -lrb- `` feedback '' -rrb- . 
this procedure is the only way you can opt out of the agreement to arbitrate . 
without limiting our other remedies , we may limit , suspend or terminate the service and user accounts or portions thereof , prohibit access to our games and sites , and their content , services and tools , delay or remove hosted content , and take technical and legal steps to prevent users from accessing the service if we believe that they are creating risk or possible legal liabilities , infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties , or acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our terms or policies . 
you should keep traditional wireless -lrb- mobile -rrb- or fixed line telephone services available for your calls to emergency services and use skype 's limited emergency calling only as an absolute last resort . 
the app permits account holders to capture and trade virtual items , including but not limited to pokémon characters or creatures -lrb- `` trading items '' -rrb- during gameplay . 
we respect the intellectual property rights of others . 
• impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity ; 
4.2 you must notify youtube immediately of any breach of security or unauthorised use of your youtube account that you become aware of . 
`` nintendo account service '' refers to an aggregate of all games , applications , software , services , portals , data , websites and other content , whether commercial or non-commercial content , of nintendo or third-party partners of nintendo , that is available to users with a registered nintendo account when they access games , applications , software , portals , messages , information , data and other content identified as nintendo account service content on any device connected to the internet . 
by uploading these photos/images the person uploading the picture -lrb- s -rrb- accepts full legal and moral responsibility of any and all legal claims that are made by any third parties -lrb- including , but not limited to , accommodation owners -rrb- due to booking.com publishing and using these photos/images . 
no representations or warranties by duolingo 
• number of listings matching the buyer 's query . 
9gag , inc reserves the right to remove any subscriber content from the site , suspend or terminate subscriber 's right to use the services at any time , or pursue any other remedy or relief available to 9gag , inc and/or the site under equity or law , for any reason -lrb- including , but not limited to , upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such subscriber content or if 9gag , inc is concerned that subscriber may have breached the immediately preceding sentence -rrb- , or for no reason at all . 
by using the services , you affirm that : 
all purchases and redemptions of virtual items made through the service are final and non-refundable . 
in order to help us do that , you agree to the following : 
we strive to keep the services up and running ; however , all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages , and microsoft is not liable for any disruption or loss you may suffer as a result . 
9.7 members may use the resolution center to send or request money for refunds , additional host services , co-host services or damage claims related to bookings . 
you agree to use the service in accordance with the following code of conduct : 
the term `` device '' refers to the device which is used to access the products including but not limited to computers , smart phones and tablets . 
yahoo provides users with access to a rich collection of resources , including without limitation various communications tools , forums , shopping services , search services , personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties which may be accessed through any various medium or device now known or hereafter developed -lrb- the `` yahoo services '' -rrb- . 
please note that gifting codes can not be redeemed if the recipient has already purchased a subscription through the apple itunes store or our iphone application , or the google play store or our android application . 
7.2.2 if you choose to require a security deposit for your accommodation , you must specify this in your listing -lrb- `` security deposit '' -rrb- . 
discovery will be permitted pursuant to the applicable arbitration rules . 
if you do not wish your subscription to renew automatically , or if you want to change or terminate your subscription , you will need to log in to your duolingo account and follow instructions to terminate or change your subscription , even if you have deleted your account . 
vivino , and its directors , employees , agents , representatives , suppliers , partners and content providers do not warrant that : -lrb- a -rrb- the service will be secure or available at any particular time or location ; -lrb- b -rrb- any defects or errors will be corrected ; -lrb- c -rrb- any content or software available at or through the service is free of viruses or other harmful components ; or -lrb- d -rrb- the results of using the service will meet your requirements . 
notices : you consent to receive all communications including notices , agreements , disclosures , or other information from vimeo electronically . 
the english courts will have jurisdiction over any claim arising from , or related to , any use of our services . 
the materials and all other content in this service are presented for the purpose of providing information regarding the viber services available in the united states and elsewhere . 
additionally , if your contracting entity is airbnb china , you will nevertheless contract with airbnb ireland for all bookings confirmed prior to december 7 , 2016 at 10:00 am utc . 
modifications will not apply retroactively unless required by law . 
effective july 26 , 2016 . 
any relief awarded can not affect other evernote users . 
you agree that you are not permitted to resell any products purchased through headspace for commercial purposes . 
or , you can write to us at : 
these rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind . 
your account may automatically provide you access and means to use new services that we create . 
-lrb- i -rrb- if the class action waiver in paragraph 20.3 -lrb- e -rrb- is found to be illegal , invalid or unenforceable as to all or some parts of a dispute , then paragraph 20.3 will not apply to those parts . 
nintendo may also terminate this agreement , or any part of this agreement , at any time , for legal , technical or commercial reasons . 
tripadvisor accepts no liability for travelers who are refused entry onto a flight or into any country because of the traveler 's failure to carry the travel documents required by any airline , authority , or country , including countries the traveler may just be passing through en route to his or her destination . 
you should only provide content that you are comfortable sharing with others . 
all calls will be disconnected and require a re-dial after a 2-hour duration . 
cancellation is effective at the end of the applicable monthly period . 
we are not responsible for examining or evaluating , and we do not warrant , the offerings of any of these businesses or individuals -lrb- including the content of their web sites -rrb- . 
the arbitrator 's decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award . 
our performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process , and nothing contained in this agreement limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of this website or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use . 
our services do not provide access to emergency services or emergency services providers , including the police , fire departments , or hospitals , or otherwise connect to public safety answering points . 
we reserve the right to modify or terminate the service or your access to the service for any reason , without notice , at any time , and without liability to you . 
applicable taxes may be charged by the accommodation in the event of a no-show or cancellation fee . 
during game play , please be aware of your surroundings and play safely . 
to the extent possible and unless an intervention is urgently required , skype will publish the time and date of such suspension or limitation on the skype website in advance . 
`` youtube '' means youtube llc , whose principal place of business is at 901 cherry avenue , san bruno , ca 94066 , united states . 
any false or fraudulent reservation is prohibited , and any user who attempts such a reservation may have his or her tripadvisor membership terminated . 
the nintendo account is personal to you and you may not sell , trade , assign or otherwise transfer your nintendo account to any other person or entity . 
such amounts will be transferred by uber to the applicable third party provider and are non-refundable . 
the products must not be framed on any other website , nor may you create a link to any part of the products unless you have written permission to do so from headspace . 
also , note that in the event that blizzard entertainment terminates this agreement for breach of these terms of use , any right to any and all payments you may have made for pre-purchased game access to world of warcraft are forfeit , and you agree and acknowledge that you are not entitled to any refund for any amounts which were pre-paid on your account prior to any termination of this agreement . 
any attempted notice that does not follow these rules has no legal effect . 
the rules and aaa forms are available at http://www.adr.org . 
if you are the parent and you are accepting these terms on behalf of your child , you accept and acknowledge that your child has your consent to exercise this right independently . 
if you are over the age of 13 and register to create an account through ptc , ptc will enable you to access and use the services . 
therefore you must look at the terms regularly to check for such changes . 
this information will be held and used in accordance with zynga 's privacy policy . 
microsoft does not endorse or control , and is not responsible for , the operation , support , or security of non-microsoft credentials you may use . 
you agree that linden lab is not responsible or liable for the content , policies or practices of any third-party websites , servers or online services or environments . 
if the dispute has a claimed value of not more than $ 10,000,000 , then the arbitration will be heard and determined by a single , neutral arbitrator who is a retired judge or a lawyer with not less than ten -lrb- 10 -rrb- years ' experience as a practicing member of the bar in the substantive practice area related to the dispute , who will administer the proceedings in accordance with the aaa 's supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes . 
your agreement with us includes these terms and conditions of use -lrb- `` terms '' -rrb- and our privacy policy . 
all disputes arising out of or in connection with these terms shall be adjudicated exclusively in sweden , with the district court of stockholm as the court of first instance . 
x. do n't help others break these rules . 
the company makes no representation that materials on the service are appropriate , lawful or available for use in any locations other than the united states of america . 
call services ; premium services . 
you agree to pay an advertiser or a tripadvisor affiliate acting on behalf of an advertiser the service fee for any vacation rental reservation in accordance with the terms of use on the affiliate site . 
you assume full responsibility for the choices you make before , during and after your participation in a host service . 
accordingly , some of the above limitations of sections 19 and 20 may not apply to you . 
-lrb- 3 -rrb- subject to the rights of any other person or entity without written authorization from that person or entity ; 
the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any ip protection action or , if you timely provide niantic with an arbitration opt-out notice , will be the state and federal courts located in the northern district of california , and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts . 
we 'll honor the choices you make about who gets to see your information and content 
11.1 you may terminate your relationship with skype at any time and without recourse to the courts by requesting closure of your user account , ceasing to use the software , products and/or skype websites and cancelling any recurring payments . 
these terms and any document expressly referred to in them constitute the whole agreement between us and supersede all previous discussions , correspondence , negotiations , previous arrangement , understanding or agreement between us relating to their subject matter . 
please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use or site or our service . 
you must not create accounts with the service through unauthorized means , including but not limited to , by using an automated device , script , bot , spider , crawler or scraper . 
issuing of a warning to you ; 
skype reserves the right to change the fair usage policy at any time . 
• when you use the consumer seller listing tool to create listings , your fixed-price listings may renew automatically every 30 days , based on the listing terms at that time , until the quantities sell out or until you cancel the listing . 
to the fullest extent permissible by law , neither instagram nor its parent company nor any of their employees , managers , officers or agents -lrb- collectively , the `` instagram parties '' -rrb- make any representations or warranties or endorsements of any kind whatsoever , express or implied , as to : -lrb- a -rrb- the service ; -lrb- b -rrb- the instagram content ; -lrb- c -rrb- user content ; or -lrb- d -rrb- security associated with the transmission of information to instagram or via the service . 
11.1 as a guest , you are responsible for leaving the accommodation -lrb- including any personal or other property located at the accommodation -rrb- in the condition it was in when you arrived . 
in the event that any provision of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable , then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary , and the remaining provisions of these terms will remain in full force and effect . 
we may ask you to supply additional information relevant to your transaction , including , without limitation , your credit card number , the expiration date of your credit card , your billing address and additional information to verify your identity before completing your transaction -lrb- such information , `` payment information '' -rrb- . 
if you are a resident of turkey : certain of the e-commerce terms and conditions set forth in appendix a : ua shopping do not pertain to turkish residents who purchase products from our turkish distributor fdoğuş perakende -lrb- doğuş perakende satış giyim ve aksesuar tic . 
you and airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit , class-wide arbitration , private attorney-general action , or any other representative proceeding as to all disputes . 
any information that you provided during sign-up can be corrected during the sign-up process by returning to the previous screens and correcting erroneous information . 
you use all such content at your sole risk even though sr samples may be made available to you through the service . 
if , through accessing or using the service , you utilize or obtain any product or service from a third party , you may additionally be subject to such third party 's terms and conditions applicable thereto , and these terms shall not affect your legal relationship with such third party . 
placing a pre-order does not guarantee delivery of a service . 
if the company provides a translation of the english language version of this eula , the translation is provided solely for convenience , and the english version will prevail . 
remove , circumvent , disable , damage or otherwise interfere with any features of the service , or attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion of the service through any means , or interfere with , corrupt , or disrupt the operation or performance of the service or the ability of any other person to use the service , including , without limitation , transmitting content that contain any viruses , worms , trojan horses , or other destructive items or harmful codes , or placing excessive load on the servers , or attempting to degrade the performance of the servers in any way ; 
offer , as a host , any accommodation that you do not yourself own or have permission to make available as a residential or other property through the airbnb platform ; 
by creating a spotify support account , you confirm that any registration information that you submit to spotify is true , accurate , and complete and that you will update such information in order to keep it current . 
notwithstanding the provisions of the `` changes to terms or services '' section above , if niantic changes this `` dispute resolution '' section after the date you first accepted these terms -lrb- or accepted any subsequent changes to these terms -rrb- , you may reject any such change by sending us written notice -lrb- including by email to termsofservice@nianticlabs.com -rrb- within 30 days of the date such change became effective , as indicated in the `` last updated '' date above or in the date of niantic 's email to you notifying you of such change . 
if we feel that your behavior towards any of our customer care representatives or other employees is at any time threatening or offensive , we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account . 
you shall comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the software as well as end-user , end-use , destination restrictions issued by national governments or similar bodies , and restrictions on embargoed nations . 
the service may contain , or direct you to websites containing , information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate . 
the masquerade parties will not be liable for any lost profits or indirect , special , incidental , consequential , exemplary , or punitive damages relating to , arising out of , or in any way in connection with these terms and policies , us , our services , or any content even if the masquerade parties have been advised of the possibility of such damages . 
if you install any evernote software on your computing devices , you may be asked to agree to an end user license agreement . 
although most travel , including travel to international destinations , is completed without incident , travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others . 
by agreeing to these terms , you automatically enable memories . 
additional terms may apply to certain products or services . 
the laws of california , u.s.a. , excluding california 's conflict of laws rules , will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms or the services . 
you are solely responsible for your conduct and any data , text , files , information , usernames , images , graphics , photos , profiles , audio and video clips , sounds , musical works , works of authorship , applications , links and other content or materials -lrb- collectively , `` content '' -rrb- that you submit , post or display on or via the service . 
these terms will automatically terminate if you fail to comply with them . 
the waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of academia.edu . 
if you no longer access platform but have not deleted all data from us , the term application will apply until you delete the data . 
if a court decides that this subsection on `` no class actions '' is not enforceable or valid , then the entire section 17 -lrb- agreement to arbitrate and class action waiver -rrb- will be null and void -lrb- i.e. , go away -rrb- . 
stock quotes and index data -lrb- including index values -rrb- . 
use of the software is subject to these terms and the terms of any applicable product policy provided with such software . 
you , the account holder , are one party to this contract . 
your purchase will be subject to google 's applicable payment policy , which also may not provide for refunds . 
we will send you an order acknowledgment that details the products that you have ordered after you have completed your purchase . 
9.2 if you do not use your viber credit for a period of six months -lrb- including viber credit that has been allocated to you by a viber administrator -rrb- , such credits will be frozen . 
17.1 unless you reside in the eu , you acknowledge and agree that , to the maximum extent permitted by law , the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the airbnb platform and collective content , your publishing or booking of any listing via the airbnb platform , your stay at any accommodation , participation in any experience or event or use of any other host service or any other interaction you have with other members whether in person or online remains with you . 
further , you agree to be fair , accurate and non-disparaging while reporting numbers , leaving comments , suggestions , feedback , testimonials and reviews on or about the services . 
as a headspace member you will receive access to certain sections , features and functions of the products that are not available to non-members . 
`` service '' means the online reservation service -lrb- including the facilitation of payments -rrb- of various products and services as from time to time made available by suppliers on the platform . 
and to any other disputed party at its principal place of business in the usa , marked attn : legal department . 
• use bots or other automated methods to access the services , add or download contacts or profile information ; 
vimeo plus , pro and business : in addition to offering basic -lrb- free -rrb- vimeo memberships , we offer vimeo plus , pro , and vimeo business subscriptions . 
your mobile carrier 's normal messaging , data , and other rates and fees will apply to your use of the mobile services . 
you also promise that any registration information that you submit to spotify is true , accurate , and complete , and you agree to keep it that way at all times . 
we will explain which services are available to you when you are signing up for the services . 
harm to masquerade or others . 
you shall not -lrb- directly or indirectly -rrb- : -lrb- i -rrb- decipher , decompile , disassemble , reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to derive any source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of any part of the service -lrb- including without limitation any application or widget -rrb- , except to the limited extent applicable laws specifically prohibit such restriction , -lrb- ii -rrb- modify , translate , or otherwise create derivative works of any part of the service , or -lrb- iii -rrb- copy , rent , lease , distribute , or otherwise transfer any of the rights that you receive hereunder . 
we may amend these terms at any time at our discretion . 
you agree not to use the service for any other purpose . 
you hereby represent and warrant that -lrb- 1 -rrb- you are not located in a country that is subject to a u.s. government embargo , or that has been designated by the u.s. government as a `` terrorist supporting '' country ; and -lrb- 2 -rrb- you are not listed on any u.s. government list of prohibited or restricted parties . 
betterpoints.uk reserves the right to remove or amend any offer at any time without notice . 
if you are a resident of the european union : these terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with dutch law , without regard to its conflict of law principles . 
you will not modify , create derivative works of , decompile , or otherwise attempt to extract source code from us , unless you are expressly permitted to do so under an open source license , or we give you express written permission . 
if you cancel this contract , we will reimburse to you all payments received from you , including the costs of delivery -lrb- except for the supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us -rrb- . 
if at any time supercell chooses , in its sole discretion , to monitor the service , supercell nonetheless assumes no responsibility for user content and assumes no obligation to modify or remove any inappropriate user content . 
the notice to ebay should be sent to ebay inc. , attn : litigation department , re : notice of dispute , 583 w. ebay way , draper , ut 84020 . 
to begin an arbitration proceeding , you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent corporation service company , 300 deschutes way sw , suite 304 , tumwater , wa 98501 . 
also , just because we allow a link to be included in our games or service does not mean we endorse that linked site . 
we reserve the right to disallow , cancel , remove , or reassign certain usernames and permalinks in appropriate circumstances , as determined by us in our sole discretion , and may , with or without prior notice , suspend or terminate your account if activities occur on your account which , in our sole discretion , would or might constitute a violation of this eula , cause damage to or impair the service , infringe or violate any third party rights , or violate any applicable laws or regulations . 
you hereby consent that you may receive such requests , in accordance with the terms stipulated herein . 
waiver of rights to user content . 
updates to the services or software , and changes to these terms . 
the united states federal arbitration act will govern the interpretation , enforcement , and proceedings pursuant to the mandatory arbitration clause in this eula . 
any references to a member being `` verified '' -lrb- or similar language -rrb- only indicate that the member has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else . 
we can deactivate your account at any time . 
this means that you may not create derivative works based on world of warcraft , without the prior express , written permission of blizzard entertainment . 
in addition , hosts may instruct a co-host to provide certain one-time services in relation to their listing . 
by agreeing to these terms of service , you also agree to arbitrate any and all claims against linden lab pursuant to the federal arbitration act and subject to the terms below -lrb- the `` agreement to arbitrate '' -rrb- . 
truecaller also reserves the right to modify these terms at any time by providing revised terms to the user or by publishing the revised terms within the services . 
for purposes of these terms : -lrb- a -rrb- `` content '' means the text , software , scripts , graphics , photos , sounds , music , videos , audiovisual combinations , interactive features , works of authorship of any kind , and information or other materials that are posted , generated , provided , or otherwise made available through the services ; and -lrb- b -rrb- `` user content '' means any content that account holders -lrb- including you -rrb- provide to be made available through the services . 
tinder stacks operates separately from the main tinder experience , so when you use tinder stacks , you are n't creating an account , logging in with facebook , sharing your facebook details with us or creating a profile that will be shown on tinder . 
-lrb- e -rrb- class action waiver . 
you should not include personal information such as your name , your email address , your address or your telephone number or any other sensitive data in user-generated content . 
you are responsible for safeguarding your password . 
we and you agree that for any dispute -lrb- except for excluded disputes -rrb- we and you must commence an arbitration proceeding within one year after the dispute first arose ; otherwise such dispute is permanently barred . 
these virtual goods may be licensed both for a fee using `` real world money '' and without any separate fee , as applicable from time to time . 
to the extent a buyer has a question about your global shipping program listings , ebay may respond directly to the buyer if the question pertains to the services overseen by pitney bowes inc. -lrb- for example , customs or international shipping -rrb- . 
we encourage you to always put safety first , follow applicable traffic regulations , do not change settings on your device while in motion or in unsafe areas and always be vigilant and take stock of your surroundings when exercising . 
the company offers users the ability to submit user content to or transmit through the service . 
you may not display content from crowdtangle as any sort of public-facing display , app , product or otherwise external format without the express written consent of crowdtangle . 
to the extent permitted by applicable law , niantic , the pokémon company -lrb- `` tpc '' -rrb- , and tpci disclaim all liability related to any property damage , personal injury , or death that may occur during your use of our services , including any claims based on the violation of any applicable law , rule , or regulation or your alleged negligence or other tort liability . 
copy , use , disclose or distribute any information obtained from the services , whether directly or through third parties -lrb- such as search engines -rrb- , without the consent of linkedin ; 
zynga does not control how you can pay or how any refunds may be issued on those platforms . 
to the extent any disclaimer or limitation of liability does not apply , all applicable express , implied , and statutory warranties will be limited in duration to a period of thirty -lrb- 30 -rrb- days after the date on which you first used the vimeo service , and no warranties shall apply after such period . 
when you use an application , the application may ask for your permission to access your content and information as well as content and information that others have shared with you . 
c. any information obtained by you as a result of your use of the service will be accurate or reliable , and 
in the event of a conflict between this agreement and any additional terms , this agreement shall control except as expressly provided otherwise . 
copying , transmission , reproduction , replication , posting or redistribution of the website content or any portion thereof is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of tripadvisor . 
please call our partner restaurant prior to ordering if you have an allergy . 
except as expressly granted in this agreement , all rights , title and interest in and to the service , and in and to the linden marks are reserved by linden lab . 
unless otherwise expressly permitted in this agreement , you may not copy , distribute , display or perform publicly , sublicense , decompile , disassemble , reduce to human readable form , execute publicly , make available to the public , adapt , make commercial use , process , compile , translate , sell , lend , rent , reverse engineer , combine with other software , modify or create derivative works of any of the services , which are subject to intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights , either by yourself or by a third party on your behalf , in any way or by any means , including , but not limited to electronic , mechanical or optical means , other than as expressly permitted in this agreement . 
you represent and warrant that : -lrb- i -rrb- you own the user content posted by you on or through the service or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in these terms ; -lrb- ii -rrb- the posting and use of your user content on or through the service does not violate the privacy rights , publicity rights , copyrights , contract rights , intellectual property rights , or any other rights of any person , including , but not limited to , the rights of any person visible in any of your user content ; -lrb- iii -rrb- the posting of your user content on the service will not require us to obtain any further licenses from or pay any royalties , fees , compensation or other amounts or provide any attribution to any third parties ; and -lrb- iv -rrb- the posting of your user content on the service does not result in a breach of contract between you and a third party . 
any transactions you make with any betterpoints.uk members are explicitly between you and those members . 
the arbitration will be administered by the american arbitration association -lrb- `` aaa '' -rrb- in accordance with its commercial arbitration rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes -lrb- `` rules '' -rrb- , as modified by this eula . 
-lrb- d -rrb- discount , coupon or gift codes 
facebook statement of rights and responsibilities 
our services display some content that is not google 's . 
please see section 512 -lrb- c -rrb- -lrb- 3 -rrb- of title 17 of the us code -lrb- available at http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#512 -rrb- for the requirements of a proper notification . 
these terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the state of california without regard to its conflict of laws provisions . 
private information of any third party , including , without limitation , surname -lrb- family name -rrb- addresses , phone numbers , email addresses , social security numbers and credit card numbers ; 
miscellaneous : this eula represents the complete agreement concerning this license between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them . 
we agree to use good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly , but if we do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the notice is received , you or spotify may commence an arbitration proceeding . 
your continued use of the service now , or following the posting of notice of any changes in this agreement , will constitute a binding acceptance by you of this agreement , or any subsequent modifications . 
you agree that we have no obligation to store , maintain or provide you a copy of any content or information that you or others provide , except to the extent required by applicable law and as noted in our privacy policy . 
they cover important information about spotify services provided to you and any charges , taxes , and fees we bill you . 
9.6 if a guest suffers a travel issue pursuant to the guest refund policy , airbnb may determine , in its sole discretion , to refund the guest part or all of the total fees in accordance with the guest refund policy . 
such additional uses by twitter , or other companies , organizations or individuals , may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the content that you submit , post , transmit or otherwise make available through the services . 
third-party links , content and programming . 
nintendo may terminate this agreement , or any part of this agreement , at any time , without notice if you breach the terms of this agreement . 
only your physician or other health care provider can do that . 
you must not use any part of the materials used in or on the products for commercial purposes without obtaining a written license to do so from us . 
if you choose to submit comments , ideas or feedback , you should submit the idea through our idea submission website at https://uaideas.force.com/ , and you agree that we are free to use the ideas you submit without any restriction or compensation to you . 
these services are subject to respective third party terms and conditions . 
the fitbit service and fitbit content are provided `` as is , '' without warranty of any kind . 
such third party content may be protected by intellectual property laws and the owners of the intellectual property rights in such content may object to its use . 
if you do n't provide academia.edu with an arbitration opt-out notice within the thirty -lrb- 30 -rrb- day period , you will be deemed to have knowingly and intentionally waived your right to litigate any dispute except for litigable actions . 
with respect to any open source or third-party code that may be incorporated in the applications , such open source code is covered by the applicable open source or third-party license eula , if any , authorizing use of such code . 
payment is made directly to deliveroo and is subsequently passed on by deliveroo to the partner restaurant . 
however and to the extent permitted by law , neither we nor any of our officers , directors , employees , representatives , subsidiaries , affiliated companies , distributors , affiliate -lrb- distribution -rrb- partners , licensees , agents or others involved in creating , sponsoring , promoting , or otherwise making available the site and its contents shall be liable for -lrb- i -rrb- any punitive , special , indirect or consequential loss or damages , any loss of production , loss of profit , loss of revenue , loss of contract , loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation , loss of claim , -lrb- ii -rrb- any inaccuracy relating to the -lrb- descriptive -rrb- information -lrb- including rates , availability and ratings -rrb- of the supplier as made available on our platform , -lrb- iii -rrb- the services rendered or the products offered by the supplier or other business partners , -lrb- iv -rrb- any -lrb- direct , indirect , consequential or punitive -rrb- damages , losses or costs suffered , incurred or paid by you , pursuant to , arising out of or in connection with the use , inability to use or delay of our platform , or -lrb- v -rrb- any -lrb- personal -rrb- injury , death , property damage , or other -lrb- direct , indirect , special , consequential or punitive -rrb- damages , losses or costs suffered , incurred or paid by you , whether due to -lrb- legal -rrb- acts , errors , breaches , -lrb- gross -rrb- negligence , willful misconduct , omissions , non-performance , misrepresentations , tort or strict liability by or -lrb- wholly or partly -rrb- attributable to the supplier or any of our other business partners -lrb- including any of their employees , directors , officers , agents , representatives or affiliated companies -rrb- whose products or service are -lrb- directly or indirectly -rrb- made available , offered or promoted on or through the platform , including any -lrb- partial -rrb- cancellation , overbooking , strike , force majeure or any other event beyond our control . 
when you do that , you retain whatever ownership rights in that content you had to begin with . 
subscriber represents to 9gag , inc that subscriber is the authorized account holder or an authorized user of the chosen method of payment used to pay for the paid aspects of the services . 
however , the availability and functionality of the services depend on various factors and elements , including software , hardware and communication networks provided by third parties . 
no licences or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise , except for the licences and rights expressly granted to you . 
-lrb- a -rrb- updates to these terms 
you may be able to upload video , images or sounds . 
you remain liable for the accuracy of information you provide about items , and you agree to provide timely responses to requests for additional information . 
neither party agrees to class arbitration , or an arbitration where a person brings a dispute as a representative of any other person or persons . 
all claims arising out of or relating to these terms or the services will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of santa clara county , california , usa , and you and google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts . 
if you are acting as a business , you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the irish courts . 
d above or an agent of such person . 
the spotify support community features a reward system whereby spotify , in its sole discretion , may reward users based on the amount of `` kudos '' received or quality of responses by a user . 
no licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise , except for the licenses and rights expressly granted to you . 
we may offer automatic or manual updates to the amazon software at any time and without notice to you . 
in compliance with the zynga community rules . 
you agree to indemnify , defend , and hold the company -lrb- and its affiliated companies , contractors , employees , agents , and suppliers and partners -rrb- harmless from any and all claims , suits , actions , liabilities , losses , costs , damages , expenses , and any other liabilities , including without limitation attorneys ' fees , arising out of or related in any manner to your use or misuse of the service , including without limitation your access to or use of the service , any breach or alleged violation of the rights of any other person or entity by you , including without limitation any intellectual property right , publicity , confidentiality , property or privacy right and any breach or alleged violation by of this agreement . 
any dispute , controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this eula or the breach , termination or validity thereof shall be finally settled at rovio 's discretion -lrb- i -rrb- at your domicile 's competent courts ; or -lrb- ii -rrb- by arbitration in accordance with the rules for expedited arbitration of the arbitration institute of the finland chamber of commerce . 
material from the products may not be copied or distributed , or republished , or transmitted in any way , without our prior written consent . 
refunds can not be claimed for any partial-month subscription period . 
to protect ebay from risk of liability for your actions as a seller , ebay has at times recommended , and may continue to recommend , that paypal restrict access to funds in a seller 's paypal account based on certain factors , including , but not limited to , selling history , seller performance , returns , riskiness of the listing category , transaction value , or the filing of an ebay money back guarantee case . 
if you do not cancel the trial service -lrb- s -rrb- by the end of the trial period , we may charge you for the service -lrb- s -rrb- . 
our privacy policy explains what information we share with advertisers . 
zynga may revise the pricing for the goods and services it licenses to you through the service at any time . 
key changes in this version : we 've included a legal notice required under california law regarding refunds and updated our legal name to match group , llc 
if the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven -lrb- 7 -rrb- days of delivery of the demand for arbitration , then the aaa will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the aaa rules . 
8.3.1 you should carefully review the description of any experience , event or other host service you intend to book to ensure you -lrb- and any additional guests you are booking for -rrb- meet any minimum age , proficiency , fitness or other requirements which the host has specified in their listing . 
also , you agree that : 
if you do not want us to have this access , you should not consent to support through the remote access tool , and we will assist you through other means . 
you also agree to pay the applicable host fee and any applicable taxes , which will be collected pursuant to the payments terms . 
-lrb- c -rrb- your user material does not advertise any product or service or solicit any business . 
`` office store '' means a store for office products and apps for office , sharepoint , exchange , access and project -lrb- 2013 versions or later -rrb- . 
you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any login information associated with any account you use to access our resources . 
you also agree not to use the service for illegal or unlawful purposes , including , without limitation , to stalk any other user . 
-lrb- f -rrb- consent to receive communications 
any violation of the preceding sentence will be deemed copyright infringement absent any defense -lrb- s -rrb- available under applicable law . 
in the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number , you will update your account information on facebook within 48 hours to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person who acquires your old number . 
you can submit feedback by reaching out to us on facebook , twitter , or google + . 
arbitration will be initiated through the american arbitration association -lrb- `` aaa '' -rrb- . 
except as described in section 17 under the `` no class actions '' heading , if any part of these terms , feature terms , community rules or the privacy policy is not enforceable , the rest of these terms , feature terms , community rules and the privacy policy still applies and is binding and any unenforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible . 
6.3 you are responsible for paying any service fees that you owe to airbnb . 
member account , password and security 
you may maintain a different billing address on file for the credit card issuing bank than the billing address you enter when you place an order on on http://www.underarmour.com.tr . 
if you prevail in arbitration , you will be entitled to an award of attorneys ' fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law . 
the provision of virtual items for use in the service is a service provided by tinder that commences immediately upon the acceptance of your purchase of such virtual items . 
-lrb- d -rrb- any claim , damage or loss -lrb- whether direct or indirect -rrb- arising from or relating to : 
third-party websites , products and services 
6.2 the licensor is not in any way responsible for the use made by the licensee of the service . 
payment of all filing , administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the aaa 's rules , unless otherwise stated in this agreement to arbitrate . 
no license is granted or shall be implied for any other use . 
you are responsible for any activity that occurs in your snapchat account . 
if you subscribe to a paid service , you will need to cancel your subscription pursuant to our commercial terms . 
if you do so , neither you nor oculus can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding . 
otherwise , such cause of action is permanently barred . 
if you are 13 to 18 , guardian enters into agreement . 
changes to the price and service plans . 
to register for a paid subscription , you must be 18 or older , or be 13 or older and have parent or guardian consent -lrb- your parents/guardians will enter into contract on behalf of you -rrb- . 
skype may at its option , terminate its relationship with you , or may suspend your subscription immediately if it determines you are using your subscription contrary to this fup or skype 's terms of use . 
in such cases , spotify will make such content available to you unmodified . 
where applicable , we 'll offer you a prorated refund based on the amounts you have prepaid for services and your account cancellation date . 
we have no liability or responsibility for the privacy and information security practices or other actions of any third-party applications that you choose to access through your accounts with us . 
your license to use the services 
please note that blizzard is entitled to and will prevent any such illegal sales . 
the terms and conditions of a specific discount , coupon or gift code may include additional restrictions on its use , including but not limited to the type of plan , duration of free or discounted premium service , coupon validity dates , and/or purchase quantities . 
ebay 's verified rights owner -lrb- vero -rrb- program works to ensure that listed items and content on our site or in our apps do not infringe upon the copyright , trademark , or certain other intellectual property rights of third parties . 
19.3 pre-arbitration dispute resolution and notification . 
you agree to use the netflix service , including all features and functionalities associated therewith , in accordance with all applicable laws , rules and regulations , or other restrictions on use of the service or content therein . 
should you have any health related questions , please call or see your physician or other healthcare provider promptly . 
so we can not -- and do not -- take responsibility for any content that others provide through the services . 
we respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement under the united states digital millennium copyright act . 
notwithstanding any provision to the contrary herein , you agree that you have no right or title in or to any content that appears in the service , including without limitation the virtual goods or currency appearing or originating in any supercell game , whether earned in a game or purchased from supercell , or any other attributes associated with an account or stored on the service . 
youtube has no control over , and assumes no responsibility for , the content , privacy policies , or practices of any third party websites . 
applicable city/tourist tax may still be charged by the supplier in the event of a no-show or charged cancellation . 
your user submissions will be sent and published to anyone whose device 's contact list contains your phone number and your name . 
additional important rules and terms : 
• returns have been automated ; 
in the event of any failure of the app to conform to any applicable warranty , you may notify app provider , and app provider will refund the purchase price for the app to you -lrb- if applicable -rrb- and , to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law , app provider will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the app . 
1.3 your user content is not confidential ; you represent that your content is original to you -lrb- and/or your minor child -rrb- . 
the terms of your payment will be based on your payment method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution , credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen payment method . 
in this agreement , the following terms shall have the following meanings : 
we are not responsible for and are not obligated to control the actions or information -lrb- including content -rrb- of our users or other third parties . 
you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to your user material . 
iv -rrb- any defects in the operation or functionality of any resources we provide will be repaired or corrected . 
the licensor shall notify the licensee of any revisions with reasonable notice , at the licensor 's sole discretion , through the service , by e-email , via an online service or otherwise , or using any combination of the foregoing . 
by using the tripadvisor websites , you represent and warrant that you are not located in , under the control of , or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list . 
no agency , partnership , joint venture or employment is created as a result of this agreement and you may not make any representations or bind tinder in any manner . 
if any provision of these terms is deemed unlawful , void , or for any reason unenforceable , then that provision shall be deemed severable from our terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions , except as set forth in the `` special arbitration provision for united states or canada users '' -- `` severability '' section below . 
because live , local , and any other crowd-sourced services are inherently public and chronicle matters of public interest , the license you grant us for content submitted to those services is broader . 
if you do , the most recent version of paragraph 20.3 before the change you rejected will apply . 
in no event will snap group limited , snap inc. , or their affiliates ' aggregate liability for all claims relating to the services exceed the greater of # 100 gbp or the amount you paid snap group limited , if any , in the last 12 months . 
the arbitrator can grant any relief that a court can , but you should note that arbitration proceedings are usually simpler and more streamlined than trials and other judicial proceedings . 
the headspace gift subscription will be sent to the recipient on the giftor 's specified date . 
this section , and sections 1 , 9 -lrb- for amounts incurred before the end of these terms -rrb- , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 15 , and those that by their terms apply after the terms end will survive any termination or cancellation of these terms . 
you will not bully , intimidate , or harass any user . 
when you communicate with us electronically , such as via e-mail and text message , you consent to receive communications from us electronically . 
you shall not share the account or the login information , nor let anyone else access your account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account . 
please ensure that you have given us a correct email address as this is how we will communicate with you about your order . 
if a host escalates a damage claim to airbnb , you will be given an opportunity to respond . 
changes shall become effective when published on the skype website . 
if we feel an order could be fraudulent , unauthorized , or illegal , we reserve the right to refuse to process that order . 
the amount of occupancy taxes , if any , collected and remitted by airbnb will be visible to and separately stated to both guests and hosts on their respective transaction documents . 
in no event will duolingo be liable to you or any third party claiming through you -lrb- whether based in contract , tort , strict liability or other theory -rrb- for indirect , incidental , special , consequential or exemplary damages arising out of or relating to the access or use of , or the inability to access or use , the service or any portion thereof , including but not limited to the loss of use of the service , inaccurate results , loss of profits , business interruption , or damages stemming from loss or corruption of data or data being rendered inaccurate , the cost of recovering any data , the cost of substitute services or claims by third parties for any damage to computers , software , modems , telephones or other property , even if duolingo has been advised of the possibility of such damages . 
whatsapp inc. -lrb- `` whatsapp , '' `` our , '' `` we , '' or `` us '' -rrb- provides messaging , internet calling , and other services to users around the world . 
to ensure we are making a fair comparison , we always use the same reservation conditions -lrb- e.g. meal plan , cancellation policy and room type -rrb- . 
duolingo and its licensors own and shall retain all intellectual property rights and other rights in and to the apps , and any changes , modifications , or corrections thereto . 
some laws do not allow certain disclaimers , so some or all of these disclaimers may not apply to you . 
for example , you can choose your settings so your name and photo do not appear in an ad . 
ranking , preferred programme , stars and guest reviews 
h. you agree not to use or launch any automated system -lrb- including , without limitation , any robot , spider or offline reader -rrb- that accesses the service in a manner that sends more request messages to the youtube servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a publicly available , standard -lrb- i.e. not modified -rrb- web browser ; 
you can cancel the premium services at any time . 
h. rejecting future arbitration changes . 
others may offer their own products and services through linkedin , and we are n't responsible for those third-party activities . 
-lrb- if you want to cancel the contract please complete and return this form . -rrb- 
technology may monitor and/or record your interaction with the service or communications -lrb- including without limitation chat text -rrb- when you are using the service . 
if you subscribed using your google play store account or through tinder online : please contact customer support with your order number for the google play store -lrb- you can find the order number in the order confirmation email or by logging in to google wallet -rrb- or tinder online -lrb- you can find this on your confirmation email -rrb- . 
if any provision of this agreement is judged to be illegal or unenforceable , the continuation in full force and effect of the remainder of the provisions shall not be prejudiced . 
other purchases : purchases of other products and services through the vimeo service are subject to our payment addendumand to other terms and conditions that are presented to you at the time of purchase . 
you may reject any change skype makes to paragraph 20.3 -lrb- other than address changes -rrb- by sending us notice within 30 days of the change by u.s. mail to the address in paragraph 20.3 -lrb- b -rrb- . 
this includes damages for loss of profits , goodwill , use or data . 
you agree that you will not : 
ebay ca n't guarantee exact listing durations . 
your access to the services using these devices is subject to terms set forth in the applicable third party beneficiary 's terms of service . 
the licensor remains the owner of the service at all times . 
you may not use the service for any other purpose , or in connection with any other software . 
to the maximum extent permitted by law , these limitations and exclusions apply to anything or any claims related to these terms , the services , or the software related to the services . 
second , we 'll delete data or your content associated with your microsoft account or skype account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your microsoft account or skype account -lrb- unless we are required by law to keep it -rrb- . 
user-generated content is the sole responsibility of the nintendo account user who posted , sent or otherwise made available such user-generated content via the nintendo account . 
however , we have the right , without payment to you or others , to serve ads near your content and information , and your social actions on sponsored content and company pages may be visible , as noted in the privacy policy . 
we may suspend or terminate your use of the products as a result of your fraud or breach of any obligation under these terms . 
-lrb- d -rrb- we may charge you a reasonable service charge to mail you a paper copy of any communication . 
upload , post , email , transmit , or otherwise make available any unlawful , inappropriate , defamatory , obscene , pornographic , vulgar , offensive , fraudulent , false , misleading , or deceptive content or message ; 
5.7 you are solely responsible for all member content that you make available on or through the airbnb platform . 
please review these policies prior to making purchases through under armour shopping . 
when you use other companies ' services like these , the other company 's service may -lrb- or may not -rrb- ask you for permission to access your information and content . 
in addition , when using particular yahoo owned or operated services , you and yahoo shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services , which may be posted and modified from time to time . 
linkedin reserves all of its intellectual property rights in the services . 
these terms of service -lrb- `` terms '' -rrb- constitute a legally binding agreement -lrb- `` agreement '' -rrb- between you and airbnb -lrb- as defined below -rrb- governing your access to and use of the airbnb website , including any subdomains thereof , and any other websites through which airbnb makes the airbnb services available -lrb- collectively , `` site '' -rrb- , our mobile , tablet and other smart device applications , and application program interfaces -lrb- collectively , `` application '' -rrb- and all associated services -lrb- collectively , `` airbnb services '' -rrb- . 
there are many features available to family members , so please carefully review the information provided when you agree to create or join a family . 
unless you opt out : -lrb- 1 -rrb- you will only be permitted to pursue claims against us or our agents on an individual basis , not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding and -lrb- 2 -rrb- you will only be permitted to seek relief -lrb- including monetary , injunctive , and declaratory relief -rrb- on an individual basis . 
if microsoft has identified a billing error , we will correct that error within 90 days . 
instead , a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator 's decision will be final except for a limited right of review under the faa . 
evernote service accounts should not be shared . 
canada laws of the province of ontario exclusive ; courts of ontario , canada 
except for the rights expressly granted to you in these agreements , spotify grants no right , title , or interest to you in the spotify service or content . 
if you are a california resident , you waive california civil code § 1542 , which says : a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release , which if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor . 
• post false , inaccurate , misleading , deceptive , defamatory , or libelous content ; 
solicit email addresses or other personal information from members you do n't know , without authorization . 
brazil must be 18 or older , or be 16 or older and have parent or guardian consent . 
7.2 the content and compilation of content included on the skype websites , -lrb- excluding user submissions -rrb- such as sounds , text , graphics , logos , icons , images , audio clips , digital downloads and software , are the property of skype , its affiliates or licensors and are protected by united states and international copyright laws . 
skype may revoke the permission to link to the skype websites at any time at its sole discretion and will notify you in this respect . 
-lrb- c -rrb- our license to you 
instagram does not have any obligation to prescreen , monitor , edit , or remove any content . 
you and headspace waive any constitutional and statutory rights to go to court and have a trial in front of a judge or a jury . 
the modified version of the terms -lrb- the `` modified terms '' -rrb- will be posted at https://www.youtube.co.uk/t/terms or made available within the service -lrb- for any modified additional terms -rrb- . 
we need your help to keep facebook safe , which includes the following commitments by you : 
-lrb- d -rrb- your address , telephone number , and email address ; 
your continued use of this site after such modifications will constitute acknowledgment and agreement of the modified terms and conditions . 
what are the terms of service ? 
user-generated content is any content that is created by you or other athletes , and ua content is all other content . 
unless the arbitrator finds that the arbitration was frivolous or brought for an improper purpose , oculus will pay all filing , aaa and arbitrator 's fees and expenses . 
if you are an end user of an evernote business account , please note that the customer of your evernote business account -lrb- such as your employer or organization -rrb- may have established its own rules regarding end users ' access , use , disclosure , or retention of data stored in that account . 
do n't circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the services . 
if messages sent to the e-mail address you provide are returned as undeliverable , then the company may terminate your account immediately without notice to you and without any liability to you or any third party . 
the identity of the relevant travel provider and the terms and conditions applicable to your booking with them -lrb- `` travel provider terms '' -rrb- will be notified to you at the time of booking and you should ensure that you read and fully understand them before completing your booking . 
the arbitration will be conducted by a single neutral arbitrator . 
if you are a resident of california : you waive your rights with respect to california civil code section 1542 , which says `` a general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release , which , if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor . '' 
you must not use domain names or web urls in your username without prior written consent from instagram . 
we are not responsible for any offensive , inappropriate , obscene , unlawful or otherwise objectionable content or information you may encounter on facebook . 
spotify may assign the agreements or any part of them , and spotify may delegate any of its obligations under the agreements . 
your subscription continues until cancelled by you or we terminate your access to or use of the services or the subscription in accordance with these terms . 
a printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form . 
if you object to your information being used or disclosed as described therein , please do not use the service . 
the service may contain links to or the ability to share information -lrb- excluding broadcast content -rrb- with third party websites -lrb- `` external sites '' -rrb- . 
we may also impose limits on certain features and aspects of the service or restrict your access to parts or all of the service without notice or liability . 
17.2 to contact skype in relation to the qik software or `` qik '' branded products , please submit a support request to support.qik.com . 
effective as of may 11 , 2009 -lrb- the `` effective date '' -rrb- , world of warcraft will be hosted in the european union by blizzard entertainment s.a.s. -lrb- referred to herein as , `` blizzard entertainment '' -rrb- , and/or its licensors , and all use of the world of warcraft proprietary on-line service -lrb- the `` service '' -rrb- is governed by the terms and conditions contained in this terms of use agreement entered into between blizzard entertainment , and yourself , and includes any future revisions implemented according to the procedure described in article xii herein -lrb- hereafter referred to as the `` terms of use '' -rrb- . 
we reserve the right to refuse service to anyone , and can monitor , terminate or suspend our services or your account at any time . 
if applicable and available , certain suppliers offer the opportunity for reservations to be paid -lrb- wholly or partly and as required under the payment policy of the accommodation -rrb- to the supplier during the reservation process by means of secure online payment -lrb- all to the extent offered and supported by your bank -rrb- . 
4.3 you must provide accurate , current and complete information during the registration process and keep your airbnb account and public airbnb account profile page information up-to-date at all times . 
-lrb- iv -rrb- other than for the enabled countries and enabled versions , skype does not provide limited emergency calling in any country or for or in conjunction with any products or using any platforms , devices , services or operating systems -lrb- including any products , platforms , devices , services or operating systems developed by third parties using skype 's apis , any of skype 's software development kits or otherwise -rrb- . 
we designed our data policy to make important disclosures about how you can use facebook to share with others and how we collect and can use your content and information . 
various microsoft services allow you to send messages to others via voice or sms -lrb- `` messages '' -rrb- , and/or allow microsoft and microsoft-controlled affiliates to send such messages to you and one or more other users on your behalf . 
you agree to pay all charges incurred by users of your credit card , debit card , or other payment method used in connection with a purchase or transaction or other monetary transaction interaction with the service at the prices in effect when such charges are incurred . 
by installing , accessing or otherwise using the service you acknowledge and warrant that you hereby consent to be bound by the terms of this agreement , and to the terms of the privacy policy -lrb- available at : sync.me / privacy -rrb- , which is incorporated herein by reference . 
we may also impose limits on certain services or restrict your access to part or all of the services without notice or liability . 
our services are constantly evolving to be more useful for our athletes and community . 
this terms of service agreement -lrb- the `` agreement '' -rrb- governs your use of onavo mobile ltd 's and onavo inc 's -lrb- `` onavo '' , `` we '' , `` our '' , or `` us '' -rrb- mobile data usage reduction software applications -lrb- the `` apps '' -rrb- , the onavo website at www.onavo.com -lrb- the `` website '' -rrb- , and other websites and online services that link to these terms -lrb- collectively , including the apps and the website , the `` services '' -rrb- . 
if you post , send or otherwise make available user-generated content via your nintendo account you grant ncl a non-exclusive , worldwide , royalty-free , perpetual and fully transferable right to reproduce , publish and make available user-generated content via the nintendo account service as envisaged by the application that you use to post , send or otherwise make available such user-generated content . 
so long as you abide by these terms and any other rules , including the community rules , zynga grants you a non-exclusive , non-transferable , revocable limited license subject to the limitations in these terms , to access and use the service using a zynga supported web browser or mobile device solely for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes . 
generally , all charges for purchases are nonrefundable , and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods . 
`` store '' refers to a service that allows you to browse , download , purchase , and rate and review applications -lrb- the term `` application '' includes games -rrb- and other digital content . 
please read these terms and conditions carefully before ordering any meals from our site . 
it is academia.edu 's policy to terminate , in appropriate circumstances , members or other account holders who repeatedly infringe or are believed to be repeatedly infringing the rights of copyright holders . 
b , no revisions to this eula will apply to any dispute between you and the company that arose prior to the effective date of such revision . 
please read paragraph 20.3 carefully . 
you understand and agree that the services are provided to you on an `` as is '' and `` as available '' basis . 
the posting of any objectionable content may subject you to third party claims and none of the rights granted to you in this eula may be raised as a defense against any third party claims arising from your posting of objectionable content . 
we may modify this contract , our privacy policy and our cookies policies from time to time . 
any and all payment processing services through or in connection with your use of the airbnb platform -lrb- `` payment services '' -rrb- are provided to you by one or more airbnb payments entities -lrb- individually and collectively , as appropriate , `` airbnb payments '' -rrb- as set out in the payments terms of service -lrb- `` payments terms '' -rrb- . 
any failure by us to enforce any of these terms shall not be considered to be a waiver of them or the right to subsequently enforce any of these terms . 
the arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the aaa rules . 
supercell reserves the right to terminate any account that has been inactive for 180 days . 
we may amend this user agreement at any time by posting the amended terms on www.ebay.com . 
in certain jurisdictions , you may have legal rights as a consumer , and our terms are not intended to limit such consumer legal rights that may not be waived by contract . 
crowdtangle may change these terms of service , as described above , notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any agreement between you and crowdtangle . 
applicable taxes may be presented at checkout . 
11.2 if you want to terminate your legal agreement with youtube , you may do so by -lrb- a -rrb- notifying youtube at any time and -lrb- b -rrb- closing your youtube account . 
violate any applicable federal , state , or local laws or regulations or the terms of this eula ; 
we care about the security of our athletes . 
you must comply with instagram 's community guidelines , available here : https://help.instagram.com/customer/portal/articles/262387-community-guidelines . 
control shall exist through direct or indirect ownership of more than 50 % of the nominal value of the issued equity share capital or more than 50 % of the shares entitling the holders to vote for the election of the members of the board of directors or persons performing similar functions . 
you agree to defend , indemnify , and hold harmless the whatsapp parties from and against all liabilities , damages , losses , and expenses of any kind -lrb- including reasonable legal fees and costs -rrb- relating to , arising out of , or in any way in connection with any of the following : -lrb- a -rrb- your access to or use of our services , including information provided in connection therewith ; -lrb- b -rrb- your breach or alleged breach of our terms ; or -lrb- c -rrb- any misrepresentation made by you . 
-lrb- b -rrb- arbitration rules . 
do n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
in conjunction with the limitation of warranties as explained above , you expressly understand and agree that any claim against us shall be limited to the amount you paid , if any , for use of products and/or services . 
oculus does not endorse or guarantee the opinions , views , advice or recommendations posted or sent by users . 
if you reside outside of the united states , this provision applies to any action you bring against airbnb in the united states . 
introductory offers are only available to new users of the products , except where expressly stated otherwise . 
-lrb- 9 -rrb- participate in any action that , in the sole and absolute opinion of blizzard entertainment , results or may result in an authorized user of world of warcraft being `` scammed '' or defrauded out of gold , weapons , armor , or any other items that user has earned through authorized game play in world of warcraft . 
to help everyone feel safe and to maintain that positive environment , we require everyone to agree to , and follow , these rules -lrb- the `` community guidelines '' -rrb- when posting user-generated content and using the services . 
-lrb- 4 -rrb- sending repeated unsolicited or unwelcome messages to a single user or repeatedly posting similar messages in a chat area , including but not limited to continuous advertisements to sell goods or services ; 
the use of the word `` arbitrator '' in this provision shall not be construed to prohibit more than one arbitrator from presiding over an arbitration ; rather , the aaa 's rules will govern the number of arbitrators that may preside over an arbitration conducted under this agreement to arbitrate . 
a waiver by duolingo or you of any provision of these terms and conditions or any breach thereof , in any one instance , will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof . 
you should not provide your financial information -lrb- for example , your credit card or bank account information -rrb- , or wire or otherwise send money , to other users . 
you and your nonprofit are solely responsible for complying with all laws that apply to your organization and your social impact experience . 
